The pool area is crowded as . 
The room is very small , about 10m2 
But what I really didn 't like was the music in the lobby bar en all the other bars , way to old ! 
The room we stayed in was small . 
After staying 10 minutes in the room I was already really ! 
My old room was very old and I hope that the new rooms will be of this time 
Not at all ! 
Min points · tiny dinner portions : · ( 
The bar at the campsite plays very music every night till midnight . 
Noisy in the extreme . 
Not very ! 
One big minus , prepare yourself to very persistent shop workers that you all the time trying to sell you all kind of things . 
I knew I should expect small room but in reality it was very tiny . 
Transport to the airport too . 
Generally to get to the hotel with a car is extremely . 
It is a very small hotel in 5 km from Orly airport . 
Really food at this hotel for Brits ! 
Very music . 
The things though were that the shopping center in the hotel were really . 
I wouln 't use Thomsons ever again . 
The room I was staying in was very old · fashioned . 
Terrible room 
Some staff does not speak any English at all ! ! 
Terrible hotel ! 
Terrible stay ! 
During my walk this morning ; from the hotel to the office ; I got out of the hotel and walked to the escalator which is there and it terrible ! 
The common area is very small . 
My room was very small , I would even call it claustrophobic . 
Marseillan plage is a really place . 
Very small room and bathroom . 
We are very very about this treatment in such serious situation and after staying there a lot of times . 
The Hotel In Miami South Beach 
To be avoided at all costs . 
Very akward 
During our sray the cleaning was verry . 
Unacceptable 
The breakfast is very and the choice is very . 
Horrible Hotel 
It is really very basic . 
Terrible service , very rooms , very manager 
Probably the biggest · · no view from the window at all , only inner yard . 
Robbed in elevator of hotel ! 
The bikes which we could take for a short trip were in very conditions . 
Spa services too . 
The only thing was , that the restaurant area and the breakfast was really quality , and they even charged us despite the fact that we had that covered in the reservations . 
experience 
AVOID ! ! ! ! 
Lounge very . 
The beaches and swimming pools were totally jammed . 
Food very basic . 
Area around is . 
Hotel never five stars ! 
And · we stayed without any pension and the kitchenware were very . 
ABSOLUTELY NOT VALUE FOR THE MONEY ... 
This place is just . 
Never again 
A lot of . 
Hotel was full of behaved children who rushed in front of you almost knocking you over . 
Very area . 
Room cleaning was terrible . 
It was really Bad . 
Bathroom and sleeping floor not cleaned at all . 
I was very by the breakfast services as I asked for a double expresso instead of the normal filter coffe they wanted to charge me for that ... 
Never the money we had to pay for the room and the stay ! ! ! 
Carpets where very old . 
All furniture is in very conditions . 
The drive to the ground was a 2 hours each morning as the roads are very gridlocked . 
I am very about this hotel ! 
Very hotel 
Never again ! 
Really 
The bed , especially the mattress were unconfortable ! 
Piped music was so it made your ears ! 
Not a hotel at all . 
