Great Atmosphere & amp ; varieties of foods ! 
Amazing wellness facilities at Dorint an der Messe 
Everything was . 
Excecutive chef and his team ; food . 
We will come again ! 
Excellent room space and . 
Everything was absolutely . 
the animation was : ) w.g the welsh girl Stephanie was always around to speak to if we needed her . 
Animation team just . 
It is spotlessly , food is and staff are all really . 
The breakfast and service you provided the next day was . 
Sensational located superfriendly hotel 
I ’ m definitely going there again whenever I get a chance . 
The grounds around our villa were maintained to a very high standard as was the reception area and also the dining area . 
Excellent location 
facilities for adults and chldren . 
Ideally Situated in the heart of Florence 
The rooms are very and the staff there are very and speak English . 
Superb . 
Highly 
A oasis in a wilderness 
Good size tv ! ! ! 
Excelent place for golf and beach 
Thank you guys , it was ! ! ! 
People are ! 
Check · in / Check · out was a piece of cake . 
alanani , rocko and axaha should be working in a five star hotel because they were ! 
Best hotel in Frankfurt 
Hotel was en the staff was very . 
I had the most wonderfull time there , having all the time ... . : ) 
The hotel is very big and it takes quite a while to get from one place to the other , especially to get to the casino and the shops . 
It is very and for a getaway . 
Absolutely unique pools . 
Very recommendable B & amp ; B with extremely kind staff 
A holiday 
Nice ! 
I would highly this resort especially compared with ones in Sharm . 
Absolutely and relaxing hotel 
We felt us on our holiday like in . 
Unforgettable 
Hotel is very beaituful . 
Bliss .. Really ! 
Internet centre was . 
Location of the hotel and dinner 
I was with the breakfast selection . 
( restaurants , bars , spa , Pool , fitnes , staff very Good ) very Good GUEST RELATIONS staff . 
The food choices were . 
All the services were . 
I of course Dana Beach ! 
Had a very stay for two nights . 
When walking were presented to the General Manager Mr Y . A. we were moved to two adjacent family rooms closer to these facilities and also given the blue bands allocated to repeat visitors , he could not have been more . 
we really our stay this time as we did when staying in 2010 . 
Excellent hotel . 
It 's the hotel in Hurghada for us ! ! ! 
The owners maintained the place very . 
Owners were very with the breakfast servings . 
Perfect in every way 
Staff very . 
Absolutely for the price we paid ! 
The service at the LEVEL lounge bar was , there was a hostess named Anna , she was so , , very and treated us as VIPs . 
We will certainly come back next year when we have another event at Lanxess Arena 
We had experienced our holiday stay ever , so far . 
We had a very stay at the hotel . 
The rooms were very and the staff really . 
Very hotel ! 
Very very . 
This was the most of Tuscany and I can not wait until I can go back again . 
This is a Seven star Hotel . 
The staff were very . 
Perfect stay ! 
Would highly it ! 
Best vacation ever ! 
Very conected to Amsterdam city center · 8 min walk + 25 mins subway 
The Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof is a place to stay in Frankfurt . 
This was my favourite holiday place I have ever been to ! 
The Sheraton Hotel Jumeriah is highly recommendable . 
The Hotel and Staff were very welcoming . 
It 's one of the holidays we ever had in hurghada . 
Very parking possibilties . 
The hotel was very . 
Pools are . 
Service of all staff was . 
Very hotel 
Dana is the and we will be back again and again . 
The service was from the very beginning and the organization of the conference I attended was . 
Otherwise , they are all trying very , very , very . 
We stayed six night in this hotel , and we were very safisfied . 
So the location is very . 
The resort is absolutely . 
Great Price for Weekday stay . 
A very place 
Do try their fish , I had a meal that evening . 
Melia Grand Hermitage ... to leave it ! 
Melia Grand Hermitage is just 
Best hotel in Hurghada 
Front desk is extremely trained and very . 
I will definitely be returning on my next trip to Holland ! 
Have stayed for Christmas in this hotel . 
Very near to the beach . 
We highly this hotel . 
Egypts hotel at Hurghada , Dana Beach ! 
The price was , the service . 
Rooms , food . 
The Hotel Gilde in Deventer , NL on Niuewstraat is the hotel I have ever been in ! 
Absolutely 
Wellness offer and quality are very . 
Excellent restaurants offering a wide range . 
Excellent hotel 
The central location and the staff is . 
Very staff ! 
The hotel is very very very very very very very . 
Great hospitality 
We found this little hotel at an price and decided to book it . 
Rooms were very . 
We were very suprised over the staffs knowledge of foreign languages . 
Its basically a cruise ship concept but on land . 
It was an time had by all and I would highly this resort to my family and friends . 
We had a very stay in Dana Beach with 8 tennisfriends . 
Ideal location for the Forum convention center . 
The most importen thing are that everyone who is working there , are the most peopel we ever meet . 
Sri Lanka · we will come again ! 
Very restaurant and bar . 
This hotel offers value for money ! ! ! 
I would rank this one among the five of visits · ever ! 
Alphons was very in us with directions in the area as as places to visit . 
Very hotel 
Great Hotel ! 
Our room was very as was the whole hotel . 
In all other respects · ! 
Big pluss is the huge park in connection to the hotel . 
The breakfast and diner aerea was ! 
Location is . 
We have just arrived from this place . 
For people who want some rest and relaxatio it is realy . 
The hotel is very ! 
Great value for money 
Our holiday was very . 
We were very with the hotel . 
The price of the room was very as and we will book again now with the early discounts definitely . 
The suprise for honeymooners was very special to us . 
Great holiday with an animation team 
Amazing holiday 
Everything was . 
The double rooms are and very . 
The rooms with a small kitchen are highly for those who want to save money and the delicacies that can be found at the weekly market in the old part of Rimini ! 
A range of food for breakfast and we were offered egg on toast · after 3 weeks in france on bread and this was a feast to behold . 
A location 
Martha and Alphons are hosts . 
We had eight rooms and all eight couples were made to feel very on arrival . 
Such a hotel , everything was 
hotel ! 
All in all everything was very . 
But very at night . 
One of the holidays I have had . 
The all inclusive service I have ever experienced in Egypt . 
Higly ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Rooms with a view on other site are very . 
We very much . 
Everybody speaks Russian and it is very to get informed if you need something . 
Frankfurt 's finest ! 
We will come back for sure 
For business trips as as for short stays · place to stay at . 
Absolutely horrible accommodation for the money 
All staff very and service was . 
THE BEST ANIMATIONS which I 've ever seen · especially water gym with Sasha and kuku ! ! ! 
The hotel in Turkey 
Great resort 
Dana Beach · a bit of on earth . 
Very Good Hotel Food 
Great stay at Ibis Bilbao in November 
The location and surrounding is very arranged . 
Excellent 5 star hotel 
The staff made us feel very from the time we checked in ... to our departure . 
Thank you for such a experience . 
This hotel has everything ! 
The surroundings and the park around the hotel was very . 
All our requests were handled by saff . 
very hotel ! ! 
The beach was very . 
The rooms are very . 
All the sercices was very Good . 
The staff was really and the service was . 
We cant began to say things about our stay , but we will definitely be back this year ! ! ! 
They serve a really breakfast . 
Surprise · food , room and service 
Hotel was with a staff , room and restaurants . 
Excellent hotel and staff 
It is a unique blend of the old world royal and the luxuries . 
The food is · especially Bubba 's Steakhouse ( ate there twice ) . 
Definitely can be highly . 
We had an vacation , nothing but credit . 
The staff at the Club Hotel Dolphin was very helpfull , they are taking care about the guests ! 
Really resort 
Great holiday in Dana Beach Resort 
Excellent beach resort 
The food in general is very very also the rooms 
Excellent hotel & amp ; service . 
This is a very hotel . 
Best in class 
Best hotel we have been to ! 
We a very weekend in the Köln Dorint . 
Loved the amination staff especially Eran , is a true friend for life 
Fantastic food , breathtaken view from the bar . 
Very 
Always is one of the hotel I ever use . 
Fantastic view to the old city 
Best Holiday we have had in years 
Bar is very . 
Excellent selection of food , choice of restaurants and bars . 
Very everywhere . 
The hotel we know 
Couldn 't ask for a resort · the people are just . 
Love this resort ! 
i found the titanic beach and spa a hotel to stay in . i stayed for a month in march 2012 also a month in november 2012 and again a month in february 2013 the staff were . 
Everybody is doing ther job exelent . 
Although view of the mountains from my balcony was very . 
The most vacation for me and family 
It has been created from a very grounds a facility . 
Delightful situation and the view of the canal could not have been . 
The hotel in Hurghada . 
The atmosphere was so relaxing with the gardens , walkways , old buildings and even the staff . 
The staff 's foreign languages and general competences were . 
A definitely highly hotel . 
We really liked that . 
But the rooms were indeed very and the food ! 
Wonderful facility , but ... 
Excellent Hotel . 
But as I said all the personal was very okay . 
Two things were especially . 
Breakfast was . 
Likewise , the restaurant is . 
It was a to be with you . 
Wonderful time 
Interior is as as rooms . 
Alphons & amp ; amp ; Martha are hosts , most accommodating & amp ; amp ; finding our way and with use of their facilities over and above expectations , without being . 
Rooms are very . 
Stayed at the Ritz · Carlton South Beach due to a conference and the experience was . 
Room service is too . 
breakfast is wonderfull 
Food and drinks were . 
I will definitely come back ! 
Idea Hotel Milano San Siro 
The food there was . 
That 's for sure : I 'LL BE BACK ! ! ! ! ! 
I would highly the hotel to all my friends and colleagues visiting the area . 
Loved this holiday . 
Best place to stay in a very middle of Paris 
The service was . 
The service was ! 
The bed was . 
I have to say that I 've had a very holiday in this hotel . 
Location is absolutely · going shopping or doing business . 
One should of course mention the location · it is Top ! 
My impressions are generally very and I feel 
This hotel is ! 
Rent a car , cycling as or to visit the mountain village of Agia marina.Chania and especially this hotel have our hearts . 
We had a stay in Sri Lanka . 
Great holiday ! 
Great choice . 
Save that , I definitely the hotel . 
Best holiday in hotel Topaz Club 
We spent 5days touring Sri Lanka and 7 days at the Club Hotel Dolphin in what can only be described as our holiday to dat . 
Mamlouk was ! 
Dana Beach is a hotel ! 
The rooms are huge . 
I strongly it . 
Nicest hotel ever ! 
I would most certainly this hotel ! ! 
the stuff very helpfull 
The atmosphere is very . 
Overall our stay at the Grand Palladium was the vacation I have ever had . 
Very with food 
A weekend at the sea 
While the hotel is not owned by Marriot so the price was much lower . 
Fantasic hotel . 
Wonderful people and place . 
It was my first visit at the hotel and I have to say that I am very with my experience . 
The hotel has an underground garage very secured . 
But on average , it is . 
Sausages and mashrooms which are served in the morning are very . 
Hospitality and services at the highest level . 
But despite that we would definately this hotel for holidays and we had a very time there . 
Have also stayed in other hotels and to me NH CARLTON is definitely the . 
Breakfast is ! 
Personal is very en very to please the people 
Very stay at this hotel . 
Best holidays ever ! 
Just 
I rooftop swimming pool ! 
Absolutely 
Our holiday to date 
Entertainment program was very Good . 
A stay ! 
It was my second Stay at this hotel and it was just . 
) The five restaurants gave an choice of food although beach bar was just chips , burgers , hotdogs ( occasional BBQ fish ) and salad . 
The staff is very and always to help , with some of them it is a little to talk , but it 's okay . 
A little piece of 
The location of this hotel can 't be beat . 
Top hotel . 
you for this time · I will come back for sure ... 
Hotel Massena is located near Opera in Paris . 
Köln is really visiting , and the Dorint a very place to stay . 
Very welcoming ! 
The resort for the holiday 
Paradise on earth 
Mamlouk resort was . 
Keep on going with te ! 
The hotel is . 
We had a 4 · month · old baby with us and the personnel was very to find a table for us and the stroller . 
Staff is very ; beds are ; breakfast buffett is ; airport shuttle service the moct I have ever had . 
The atmosphere and staff were . 
Sasha , Tyson , Kristina , Emeli , Denis ... very staff . 
The staff was absolutely , nothing was too much for them . 
Awesome resort and vacation 
Cleanless is very in all the zones 
Very Good services 
Every time is a wonderfull holiday 
Our holiday stay ever , so far 
The Italian coffecorner Columbus is . also the service of the staff is . 
Excellent 
Melia is the hotel in Bulgaria ! 
Great all inclusive trip ! 
Breakfast is very , dinner is . 
The pool bartenders were extremely and always of our needs . 
Dana Beach Resort · ! 
Reception staff was very . 
A very Resort with 100 % . 
Great place for business and ! 
It was a choice for holidays ! 
We had a one night stay at the hotel . 
Excellent vacationd & amp ; honeymoon 
Perfect hotel 
The pool was , the entertainment was . 
the biggest room in Golden Sands and i think biggest hotel bathroom in Bulgaria . 
When checking in and out the staff was very . 
Water was very . 
Great overall vacation · part of wedding party 
Great place to stay for extended weekend . 
The personnel ... ... ... 
Very personal . 
The hotel looks . 
Great size room , pool . 
A really holiday 
Hotel and Villa Dievole was absolutely . 
The location is situated at the end of Avenue Louise with lots of shops and restaurants are close by . 
Spa area with grewat gym facilities . 
The reception was most in every way . 
Breakfast in decorated and furnished lounge is ( though somewhat overcharged ... so try to book your room at the NH Carlton breakfast included ) and view on the city is . 
Hotel staff very much . 
The rooms were and the standard of . 
For the 2nd time a stay 
Melia is the hotel ! 
Best in town 
I suggest the staff tell quests etiquette and dress for use of those facilities as as additional signage so guests like us can the facilities . 
The hotel offered leisure activities . 
Topaz hotel for a holiday in Hurghada 
The hotel room was class . 
This hotel is if you need some relaxing and week · end with your partner . 
Outbeaten noticed from lobby to room . 
IT was the vacation I 've ever had ... . 
Excellent holiday and staff 
Amazing value for money and location . 
The hotel staff were also . 
Again an very vriendly receptionist . 
Amazing hotel 
We all , a lot ! 
Perfect 
The about this hotel is its location . 
Top of the Tops . 
Mo ) but also all the others were very . 
We really our stay . 
The showers are a dream . 
Its position beside Nells Park was and our room was with bathroom and shower . 
Hotel is ! 
Best hotel 
Breakfast is highly also , as are drinks in the ( rather pricy ) bar . 
Will come back for sure ! 
Animation is , especially the Riko , that at least speaks english , otherwise prepare yourself to an intensive Russian speaking course . 
The meeting room was very serviced ( the coffee machine was ) and we were able to focus on our Agenda without having to about the operational elements of the visit . 
