Bathroom was UNK and UNK equipped ( including a rubber duck ! 
Very UNK and UNK we went all inclusive all the guests were Russian apart from me been English and my partner Polish that was the 1st week and then a few German 's arrived quite a few UNK guests but most ok 
The staff is UNK concerning special UNK for restaurants and otherwise also very forthcoming . 
My kids were very UNK with the pool ( there are two ) and the lift that takes you from pool level to the beach and UNK versa . 
Clean and UNK room ( you could still UNK the new in the hall ) . 
This Travelodge is UNK placed in the City Centre and a short walk from the station and a short walk to the shops , restaurants etc . that Leeds has to offer . 
Second day was toilet cleaned and rest of our stay we had no UNK with this . 
Central location , very professional 
Yes , it really was a UNK experience and we visited various places but the most UNK part of the trip was our stay at the Oberoi Udaivilas Luxury Hotel . 
We have two teenagers , who were UNK again in this hotel Ansd in the first week was olso my mum with us , sastisfied with food , cleaness , UNK of staff ( she doesen t speak foreign languages . 
Hotel location is close to the center of Baku , even though it is located in UNK area , when all the UNK hotels are located in the seashore . 
Good location to explore Lyon 
I can UNK this hotel . 
We UNK the time on the beach and the UNK of the people working there . 
Free gym was UNK and spa UNK though I didn 't use it . 
They were there just to keep us UNK . 
Friendly , UNK hotel , with UNK sound UNK , so in general no UNK from outside the room ! ! ! ! 
Tho Hotel it 's self was okay . 
The tables were UNK and the staff was UNK and it wasn 't over · crowded at all . 
Our stay was a real UNK and we are looking forward to come again . ( we booked already once your hotel and we made a UNK in the booked days and we realised only the day before our leaving at home that the period we taught we had booked , had already passed by , so we were very UNK that this time every thing was getting out UNK ) 
Its also surprisingly close to the train ( Amsterdam Amstel station ) and trams . 
Can not UNK 
The metro ( station Les Gobelins ) is UNK close , and bus stops to take you to the centre or the other side of the river are also nearby . 
Very close to Flower Market , Pathé cinema , bars for every kind ... . Very UNK nearby tram stop . 
The Eurostars Madrid Tower is a very UNK hotel with tasteful decoration . 
food was was of a UNK quality and UNK presented in the five restaraunts . 
There were a few Stag weekenders checking in when we were however we didn 't experience any UNK or unpleasantness that would stop us from coming back in the future for our city UNK to Leeds . 
Just UNK place for business 
The rooms looked very UNK every day , your room completely done . and then there 's the animation is very UNK organized for kids and for older people 's show every night . and this girl elina I must UNK you for this UNK holiday In this UNK hotel 
Every need is attended to very quickly and UNK . 
For Amsterdam , this Hotel is UNK value . 
It was a UNK experience for my family to stay in the hotel.The staff was very UNK and helpful.athe amenities which the hotel offers are UNK value for money.I strongly UNK this hotel and in a future if I visit Bulgaria I will choose it as my hotel again . 
The hotel provides UNK shuttle taxi to different places on the Strip , rooms are quite UNK and UNK . 
the staff was frienly and the rooms were new renovarted in a UNK UNK style . very UNK and UNK . a lot of opportunitys possible and an ideal hotel for a buiseness stay or city trip 
The hotel rooms are OK by European standards . 
If you are traveling alone , for business purpose , the hotel is UNK because it is next to the convention center and next to a subway station . 
The old villa was recently UNK and it was UNK to have all UNK comforts in the UNK of an 18th Century palace . 
Some UNK ( UNK rated ) restaurants outside the hotel as UNK . 
However its a UNK daily exercise . 
I liked the UNK pool area , sauna and hamam . 
And the pool has no shadows on it at all . 
Thanks to you , we came back tp Poland UNK and UNK . 
Overall this is a very UNK hotel for couples , families and likely even for singles , considering it 's proximity to the beach as UNK as Rimini 's main thoroughfare . 
Great family UNK hotel 
Everything was UNK UNK and the en · suite bathroom was UNK placed . 
The villa was very UNK , with living room with private terrace , UNK bathroom and a really UNK bed . 
The staff are profession if by the book . 
hte bathing facilities were UNK . 
They were UNK , and UNK . 
Stayed one more last month and keep being a UNK customer . 
The Ibis Leeds is generally a UNK hotel for its price . 
The hotel features UNK Wireless Internet which is also UNK UNK , which allows you to UNK and surf without any UNK . 
Rimini contemporary UNK 
The food was really UNK they had a UNK range that catered for all tastes . 
The all inclusive is 24 hours so the nightclub actually gets used for what it 's there for as normally once the all inclusive finishes people tend to begrudge paying for drinks so go back to there room so this is UNK that you don 't have to and people stay in there . 
We would like to UNK the preciseness and quality of tha staff 's services , especially in the restaurant . 
I was only in castelo restaurat but there you can find all kind of food . UNK holiday 
All the entertainment a tourist would like to have from music , tournaments , swimming pools , beaches , video games , cinema etc . are UNK . 
everything was alright , by the way , i would come again , if i travel to egypt . the hotel manager is very UNK and helpfull . also the service of the staff , UNK UNK 
Receptionists are very UNK and are UNK in any request of UNK . 
It 's about 15 · 20 minutes UNK walk to the city center . 
This budget hotel is in a generally OK condition , the room and the bathroom were in a UNK shape . 
You just cross the boulevar du Periferique and you are in zone 1 or public transportation . 
A very UNK domicile in a UNK environment 
Great hotel , kind personnel , UNK food 
Maid service is UNK . 
We booked a room with sea view and the view was really amasing . 
In summary the hotel is a UNK option for short stays / city UNK . 
The Metro also has a key station minutes from the front door . 
Rooms are UNK and UNK decorated . 
The breakfast was UNK UNK . 
In general , the hotel is UNK , with a large car park . 
Big UNK of nationality and age . 
We had a week in Melia Hotel and UNK it . 
Nice hotel for short stay · close to downtown 
Great design hotel , where every detail is looked after . 
Nothing was too much UNK . 
We were treated to a full breakfast daily and the staff was UNK and very UNK . 
I 've been back to this hotel three times now as my experience each time was UNK , the rooms are UNK and UNK and the hotel considering its 20 years old is in UNK condition . 
Hotel interior is very UNK and UNK . 
This is a UNK hotel for location , very close to the main railway station and walking distance to the centre of town . 
Friendy staff and UNK location 
Nice winter city trip in Köln 
They keep in repair very UNK ; they were painting now the balcony and in the passed yaer they had made new foot · paths . 
Great and UNK rooms , UNK food , UNK staff so our conclusion about this hotel is that 's a UNK , UNK place to go to and we would like to UNK and invite everybody to book their vacationPickalbatros Dana Beach . 
What a UNK hotel resort , UNK UNK when one thinks of 700 rooms but always lots of space , the pools and the beach were constantly cleaned and manicured and sun beds were more than UNK for everyone , with pool and beach towels always UNK . 
Nevertheless , because of its UNK location aside the liverpool One Shopping centre , with a lot of bars and restaurant , I continue going there when travelling to Liverpool . 
Other than the aforesaid , i have nothing to UNK about Club Dolphin during my several visits . 
Its extremely UNK , the staff are UNK . 
Very UNK kitchen and UNK pub . 
Although we stayed at a very busy time ( the last few days of Octoberfest ) , the staff paid attention to detail and we felt very UNK . 
And there is small pool on the roof too ! 
We come back in any case ! 
Nice hotel in the middle of Holland . 
the hotel is very UNK and all the people who are working their are very UNK and UNK to help . 
The atmosphere in this hotel is professional and UNK at the same time . 
the waiters in pirates ( 276 ) bar was UNK and could speak UNK English . 
Ideal for late arrivals 
My basic room had robe and slippers , Nespresso machine and UNK minibar drinks . 
I will come back there . 
The UNK landscaped grounds , the new children 's playground , just about everything last year was not yet finished . 
It 's in a UNK UNK location just a few steps from the strip , UNK behind Flamingo . 
Very UNK and UNK rooms . 
The staff was extremely UNK , the layout was UNK , the architecture was UNK , and the sea was literally a few steps from our hotel room . 
Our room was spacy and UNK and the bathroom was UNK as UNK . 
My breakfast was more than UNK . 
Deira City Center shoping mall is across the street and a metro station is just outside the entrance of hotel . 
Thoroughly UNK holiday 
A UNK setting by the sea · Ijust wish Ihad had time to make more of the very UNK facilities on offer . 
Breakfast is UNK . 
After calling reception , they offered me an upgrade . 
The hotel had UNK parking and was near a subway station that brought you straight to the city center . 
The room ( standard room ) had all the UNK you need and the breakfast we had was UNK . 
At restourant you can eat typical Tuscan food , very UNK ( pizza was special ) . 
A UNK hotel , UNK food 
Really UNK hotel , UNK and UNK room , UNK choice of UNK food and drinks in different restaurant , beach near the hotel , very UNK people ( animators , waiters , cooks , receptionist , cleaning men ... ) , UNK animations program · step aerobic , oriental dance and specially water gym : · ) and at night disco . 
Great place , UNK and UNK staff 
Thank you for a UNK stay 
Everybody was very kind and UNK . 
Economically priced hotel 
A lot of food with UNK local products , a UNK place to relax , a UNK . 
Definitely we will be back at this hotel , next time in London . 
directly next to the hotel a really UNK pizzeria . 
This B & amp ; amp ; B was very UNK and UNK . 
We hade a bigger room with a place to relax and sit down . 
Quite UNK hotel , UNK value for money 
It is a small hotel which one can easily oversee with all the shops around . 
The UNK feature is the location if you are interested in climbing · it is in walking distance of a wide UNK of climbs . 
Straight forward and UNK reception personnel , UNK UNK us to order a table for Flamenco , with UNK UNK to go about town . 
Nice hotel with UNK staff and a lot of food ! 
Good hotel , no UNK 
We stayed on an all inclysive service and we could not UNK the food or drink in any of the hotels restaurants or bars and the waiter service was totally five star . 
Actually the tram stop is just outside the hotel . 
The hotel was UNK and UNK organized . 
The place is UNK UNK for couples in leisure holidays or for business trips . 
I did like the way they solved the food situation , you basically get a budget you can use in a canine like restaurant that was very UNK . 
Nice hotel in the centre of Nes . 
A UNK hotel for a UNK price . 
Good choice 
The service is UNK and UNK in any case . 
The rooms were UNK and big UNK , with balcony , close to the swiming pool , but when you close the door to balcony you diidn t hear the UNK from outside . 
On the other side the hotel building is full of character and charme 
Also have several deskstop computers for guest use . 
The hotel is working together with diffrent restaurants in the city of Woerden . 
Great hotel and I would UNK it to anyone . 
Also not far from the Sablon and downtown , so overall very UNK located . 
We took the package of the honeymooners , and we spent one of the UNK holidays ever ! 
Good staff , UNK bed and UNK breakfast . 
This hotel has a UNK location , in the heart of Gran Via , and if you need to go somewhere , it is in front of a subway station . 
Relaxing & amp ; UNK ! 
We have passed 2 nights at the hotel and it ´ s main UNK is the very central location just near the Great Wheel and the bridge . 
The waiters were UNK , UNK and UNK . 
I 'll come back here next year ! 
My husband became UNK in recent years and the help we received from the staff made it a holiday we could relax and UNK without any UNK to myself . 
The hotel staff were UNK and welcoming and were always UNK with directions . 
OK hostel 
room UNK was of a high standard and the hotel grounds were UNK kept and always being tended to . 
The staff was UNK UNK and UNK . 
Only plus is the view of the city from the fitness room . 
The street was very alive even in the evening hours . 
They are UNK and UNK . 
Afterwards I UNK in the Pool / Spa with sauna , steam bath and massage and tanning . 
Dorint an der Messe Cologne is a very UNK 4 · star hotel . 
The attending staff were UNK and UNK in the breakfast room . 
There is UNK WIFI in the hotel . 
Although we did not have dinner in the very UNK restaurant , we had a UNK breakfast with a lot of choice and a view on the UNK surrounding gardens . 
There were parking spaces UNK in front of the hotel . 
dana beach is a large UNK with a lake running the entire length of the UNK . 
Attending for UNK are ok . 
This should not by any means UNK you from staying ! 
Overall this is a UNK budget accommodation ( I booked one bed in a dorm ) for one weekend for people on a budget . 
The neightborhood is UNK , very central . 
I UNK the central location ; it was very near to the Barcelona ’ s main touristic street – La Rambla . 
I travel the world and have never seen such a UNK and professional staff ! 
Spacious room and UNK style ( not old like in other polish hotel ) 
Perfect location allows to visit all interested places in Barcelona . 
Hotel is UNK , very UNK & amp ; UNK . 
We keep coming back 
I UNK staying there , and have spoken very highly of this hotel to my friends and colleagues . 
Lovely and UNK , UNK rooms , UNK location . 
The rates are rock low so you pay for what you get for . 
We have been very plaesantly surprised , we liked the overall location and the hotel itself even more we had expected to do so based on the reviews and photos UNK online . 
Definitively a UNK place for a business trip or a holiday . 
The UNK is very UNK , breakfast is UNK and UNK , staff is UNK and trying to do things as UNK as possible . 
Surprising UNK stay ! 
The food was very UNK , I especially liked the breakfast because there were a lot of different kinds of cheese , and for dinner the Asian restaurant is my UNK . 
All was UNK and i would come again to visit 
This was one of the most UNK hotels I 've stayed ever , in a district of Paris not commonly on the tourist map , but still just a short walk away from Montmartre and Gare du Nord for Eurostar and other high · speed rail connections and airport RER line B , this hotel was a UNK discovery for us . 
Good budget location for budget travelers 
Very close there are lots of narrow old streets with shopping of all kind and you can also find excusive cloth boutiques , antic shops for books and funiture , etc . Afew blocks away there ia also a large walking street with shopping and restaurants and in every corner you will find bars where you can sit down and rest your legs and UNK down with a drink ! 
The food was UNK and varieous . 
+ Next to the city center Port Vieuz 
There is a bar in the hotel as UNK as a restaurant , and also in the immediate surroundings there are places to stay , if you 'd like to . 
Lagune with boat to the beach was UNK . 
Animation team , just UNK , very UNK guys and animation has always been a very interesting.In swimming pool water is always warm.Barman is UNK , it makes cocktails before your eyes.I advise everyone to relax in this hotel ! 
At the hotel , staff members were always UNK and UNK . 
Staff at reception and breakfast was UNK ± UNK , UNK and UNK . 
All in all , that 's it , a very UNK accomodation that can be considered if you can cope with the UNK . 
There were 4 restaurants , so you can choose where to dine or lunch . 
VIP area at the pool and in the garden , special SPA treatment and many other special services ... 
The location is ok if you are used to walk . 
In this area there is UNK Rungis market , the largest food market in the world . 
It is few minutes away from everything you might need . 
The rooms are big and very UNK . 
Ample towels and toiletries were provided which many other B & amp ; amp ; B don 't usually provide UNK . 
We was there with two dogs , UNK areas to take the dogs out for walk and dogs very UNK , even in the restaurant . 
Louvre , Notre Dame , Centre Pompidou and river Seine are less than 5 mins walk . 
The animation team makes you feel UNK during your stay . 
Make sure to go downstairs for a UNK breakfast ; the buffet had a UNK UNK selection ! 
The hotel is UNK furnished . 
Everything ok 
Ancient charme outside , very UNK inside 
Treated like Royalty ! 
Nice * * * star hotel in the middle of Holland . 
Within 7 minutes you are in the centre of Koln Altstadt . 
Staff UNK prepared and kind . 
Once inside , the UNK and atmosphere of the lobby will quickly remind you why you chose this hotel . 
What I liked was a balcony in the room , UNK bathroom with all necessary things , UNK TV with a lot of channels ( English , Russian , Azerbaijan , German and so on ) . 
Superb pool areas and large aqua park area . 
A UNK hotel , take time to explore ! 
Dorint an der Messe is a UNK hotel for businesstrips and a city UNK . 
I would UNK this hotel to everyone , business travellers and families ! 
We are looking forward to hear Calimera everywhere again and to UNK the really UNK hospitality of these people ... .. 
Beautiful and UNK 
Would definitely stay here again . 
Conveniently located on Södermalm , close to the tube 
The price is ok , the rooms are UNK and functional . 
There is no much to say , it is my 7th year I am spending holidays in this hotel . 
The food was UNK and varied . the UNK is vast and UNK . 
Nice Hotel with UNK size of rooms . 
Lovely beach area with access for snorkelling and some water sports . 
A UNK taste of Egypt 
It is UNK place where you can sleep UNK and internet is working very UNK and reliable but as UNK thanks to the huge mall you will have chance to buy just couple of steps outside the hotel almost everything as UNK as taste cusines from all over the world . 
Wonderful Hotel , Clean Friendly very UNK 
Hotel offers UNK spa , large pool area and UNK space on its beach where I UNK relaxing after the game . 
It is really close to the centre of Nes and you are within minutes at the beach with the bike . 
Mr. Hussein , the hotelmanager want the guests to UNK e UNK holiday in the hotel.The staff is very UNK , they speak English and some of them speak Dutch as UNK . 
Really UNK hotel , UNK and confortable 
My husaband and i travelled with our 2 adult children and their partner and the holiday was all we could have hoped for with UNK surroundings , UNK but not UNK staff and UNK food . 
UNK food UNK people 
The staff was really UNK and also the rooms were UNK . 
i would like to UNK all staff of the hotel for their UNK attitude to us and express special thanks to Balu and his animation team for their UNK mood , UNK , entertaintments , i have never laughed so much in my life is in their shous ) 
I know we will go back that 's for sure ! 
My favourite hotel in Cologne 
The People are UNK and the Food is UNK . 
Near the hotel there is a bus stop that goes to the RER station . 
Well located for access to town . 
5 star hotel with UNK access and UNK location to Frankfurt airport . 
Checkin was UNK , UNK and UNK . 
Close to all the UNK points in Bilbao and still a little bit off the UNK tourist track . 
Nice wellness and breakfast staffs . 
It is minutes from numerous restaurants , bars , etc . and centrally located between the Prado and the Palace · · UNK for walking . 
Everything was UNK in the UNK way as possible ! 
It was held UNK and everyone was very UNK . 
Great music and moments that we will always remember . 
UNK value for money , UNK breakfast and UNK wellness facilities . 
I got an upgrade to Executive suite at no cost . 
Sun & amp ; relax for families 
Transfer from the airport to the hotel we had a UNK ( ask about a transfer at the information desk at the airport ) . 
Nice hotel with UNK staff . 
A confortable hotel , large rooms and UNK service . 
Beautiful hotel with UNK staff UNK holiday 
It is more a city hotel with all the comforts . 
In April we will be back for a very sunny relaxing week 
Being located on the beach and the UNK of the room made my stay that much more UNK and the transition from business to UNK very UNK . 
Room was very UNK and large with english speaking room boy who was very UNK and helpfull . 
The studio rooms were very UNK , UNK and kept very UNK , with UNK furniture and relaxing colors . 
Simply Good , the Park behind the Hotel is UNK an UNK . 
Metro , buses and train stations are near . 
Would stay again if revisiting the town . 
It is UNK and the room had a coffee / tea machine for your own UNK coffee or tea ! 
But you are so close to restaurants and bars that there is really no reason to eat in . 
It was a UNK stay and all of my travel UNK was gone before I left ! The breakfast was one of a kind . 
It is a UNK , UNK UNK spot , where you could cuddle with your UNK in the most dreamy way ! 
A big hotel ( about 700 rooms ? ) and a slendid garden and in some swimmingpool UNK water . 
Hotel was very UNK , UNK and UNK maintained . 
My room was very UNK and the air condition UNK UNK . 
The personnel is very UNK , there were many facilities ( beach bar , restaurant , mini market , cafe ) and the service was at a high level . 
Every time I come to the hotel , all staff welcomes me , feels like coming home 
Great room , UNK , quit . 
This is UNK budget hotel near La Rambla and Montjuic ( Jean Miro Institute UNK seeing ) . 
If you really want a UNK from your current lifestyle , it 's a UNK and UNK destination . 
The room was UNK , cleaned really UNK everyday with a UNK view , food tasted UNK and there was lots of choice the hotel is the UNK i have ever stayed in and UNK my expectations . 
The spa , sauna and jaccuzzi are UNK and it is easily to access from your bedroom thanks to dedicaced lift . 
The food is UNK . 
The tram stops just in front of the hotel . 
Numerous shopping and dining areas within walking distance . 
This hotel has an UNK location , just across the bridge from the Palace of Westminster and at walking distance to numerous touristic attractions . 
Very UNK UNK UNK hotel . 
However , the windows held almost all UNK away which made it UNK to sleep in the hotel . 
Good location and UNK price , room is always UNK 
Also a word to the restaurant `` Volvereta `` on the 30th floor : UNK UNK and UNK views . 
If we plan another visit to Cologne , we would certainly stay at this hotel again . 
I am looking forward to be back in Dec. After the renovation is completed beginning of Nov . Excellent spot for a UNK holiday 
This is a very UNK quite UNK hotel next to Trafford Shopping Center . 
The quality of food in the hotel restaurant is UNK with a wide range of things for breakfasts . 
Free shuttle bus to / from the airport . 
We were treated like royalty 
The rooms are UNK and UNK · furnished . 
There is a small Park UNK next to the hotel which is UNK to take a walk . 
Everything was UNK and I 'd like to visit this resort again ! 
The Pension offered this room which was big UNK to fit us . 
Nice lounge on the UNK floor . 
It was an UNK time with UNK animaters · espaccely Emily Amel · we UNK you ; · ) we had so much UNK in this hotel ... 
This is a UNK hotel , very UNK located in the town of Ness . 
For me and my friend it was the perfekt Hotel for our purpose to UNK a week at the beach and do some trips to Kallithea or to Kassandria ( every Thursday there is a market and this is UNK UNK and a UNK alternation ; ) ) All in all we are UNK . 
The Room was cleaned daily to a high standard , Cold drinks were replinished daily . 
There are two reasons to choose this hotel : relatively low price comparing to other centrally located hotels and location in walking distance from the main station . 
Hip UNK in Louise area of Brussels 
Bathroom is large and UNK quality toiletries were provided , including bathrobes and slippers for the entire family . 
Friendly , UNK hosts 
The major plus : location is UNK and the price UNK . 
We will come back to Dana Beach . 
However the room only cost 75 Euros for the night . 
Beautiful wellness hotel close to city centre Koln 
Very UNK hotel situated in the middle of Paris next to Les Halles metro and RER station . 
every thing in the hotel was UNK , the location near the river 
A very UNK all inclusive hotel 
The weather was every day UNK , the beach was UNK . 
All of the staff that we met were both UNK and UNK . 
Good room and climation . 
The wellness is an absolute pluspoint , tram to the centre of cologne stops UNK in front . 
The staff was very helpfull and UNK . 
A basic experience 
That said , it is UNK and UNK UNK . 
In the morning the hotel provided a UNK breakfast with UNK juices and typical croissants . 
First impression was UNK . 
Personnel is UNK . 
They were both UNK in providing directions and general info . 
8th stay 
A la carte restaurant steak House was in a very UNK location on the golf field . 
Thanks to the UNK stuff , UNK management , it was the UNK holiday 
Topaz Club · UNK a visit 
Very UNK value for money , competent and UNK personnel UNK to help and offer a UNK service . 
There is a washbasin in the room and also a kettle with tea and coffee provided and replenished during service . 
Always a UNK stay 
Many restaurants are close by , the receptionists have been UNK to give a UNK about UNK place to eat and the UNK neighborhoods for pintxos hopping ! ! ! ! ! 
You can easily find connections to every tourist attractions from there . 
It was the second time at Dana Beach and we were UNK that the childrens swimmingpool was also heated now . 
A UNK choice for a relaxing and UNK weekend 
The rooms are UNK , with UNK design , and there are no keys , rather fingerprints let you through to you room . 
The hotel is located in a centre of Tallinn just at a very short walking distance from the old city and at a short driving distance from the airport . 
Sunrise Mamlouk is very UNK hotel with UNK architecture an UNK gardens , the atmosphere was UNK , UNK room , the food very tasty , and relaxing music in the restaurant . 
The atmosphere is UNK , it 's very UNK . 
It 's a UNK holiday resort to go to I UNK it to anybody ! 
The conference room was UNK and UNK , timing was UNK , all the staff UNK and professional ! 
the room very UNK and room service are immidiately come 
City of UNK food 
They are very UNK and UNK about Spakenburg and the surrounding area . 
swimmingpool UNK , UNK area and chears 
The room was UNK and the food was UNK . 
The rooms were UNK and UNK ; the staff very UNK . 
This is a UNK hotel , in UNK Tuscan location . 
Diner was UNK and the choice at breakfast was UNK too . 
But it was UNK value for an adult vacation in Madrid . 
Within 5 minutes walking distance were tube stations and bus stations . 
It was close to the Metro and therefore UNK to get to the centre of Amsterdam . 
Nice hotel in a very UNK location 
Nice , UNK and yet UNK hotel area with all the things you want for a beach holiday inside the hotel area . 
Well UNK the money and time spent . 
I can ’ t explain in words how UNK this place looks . 
Parking is of course no UNK and the shuttle service is so UNK I left my car in the hotel parking to take my mother to the airport . 
French ' n UNK 
On the day I had been in a number of meetings , so when coming back , I did UNK that the hotel was UNK and offered a restaurant which had a UNK selection of different foods . 
the food is really UNK and UNK all day long ( I 'm a UNK italian ) , as UNK as the drinks , there is a UNK espresso at the columbus bar . 
Quiet , large , feeling of UNK . 
Swimmingpools UNK ! ! ! 
Good location on Nevskii 
The staff were UNK . 
We are UNK we chose the Casa 400 . 
5 stars 
A UNK table to UNK in your room . 
Especially the team of the main restaurant was really professionell and UNK . 
UNK foyer , staff were UNK . 
Anyway the hotel is UNK and personnel is very UNK and kind . 
A very UNK Hotel in a UNK park area with UNK food and wine . 
Very UNK and UNK room ! 
Perfect holiday 
Quite UNK hotel in UNK location 
Service on the other hand was very UNK and the stuff is quite international : ) 
Rooms large and very comfortable.Lounge areas very large and UNK decorated . 
Breakfast is above average . 
There are UNK conference rooms with all necessary infrastructure , UNK location allowing you to have UNK evening , pool , restaurants , internet , 5 minutes to airport · everything you need to do a business and relax after that . 
The hotel is close to everything Frankfurt has to offer . 
UNK shows and enterainment 
Hotel really UNK and minimal . 
Very UNK was for me active rest during holiday.My expectations about that meet team of animators , especially : Aldo and Negga and girls of aerobic.They are proffesional , UNK and always UNK young people.The animation team are have UNK attitude to life and doing UNK job in hotel . 
The UNK reason to choose Lord Byron hotel was it 's location and price . 
This is a UNK hotel in UNK grounds in a UNK location a couple of miles outside the city of York · to which it is very UNK connected by park · and · ride bus service . 
All in the hotel was possitive . 
The swimming pool for families with children and another one for a relax . 
Swiming swans in the pond and park view from lobby 
( the Russians where UNK ) I will go back to this hotel next year as we had a UNK holiday . 
very UNK UNK at the reception , very UNK and UNK personnel , especially at the bar and during breakfast , a really UNK experience overall , had a relaxing drink at the bar , visited the cigarrum smokers lounge and had a UNK start into the day at the very UNK assorted breakfast buffet . 
Right at the start of Vitosha street , and within walking distance of all attractions in the center and subway station . 
I would UNK this hotel both for business as for pleaseure / family visit of Cologne . 
You are located among the vineyards and olive trees . 
It 's not UNK review . 
One of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been to ! 
As a young couple the hotel gave us what we expected . 
The hotel itself is UNK . 
Breakfast varied and UNK . 
We will surely visit it again next summer ! 
Its a UNK Hotel with UNK rooms . 
Clean , UNK UNK UNK people . 
Because there are so few English who stay here the staff are delighed to talk to you ! 
Food was UNK , as UNK .. It is UNK not to UNK the UNK views down the beach from the UNK large private terrace assoiated with our suite . 
Should I return to Dubai again , I will certainly stay there again . 
Apart from a bed , I do also ask for a big bathroom , which the standard rooms in this hotel offers . 
The UNK UNK in the hotel , the UNK size of the room , the UNK overal , the big size of the room and the bathroom was very UNK . 
Good for bed and breakfast 
Great hotel directly on the strip ! 
Close to Amsterdam and the highway . 
Free wifi was of a UNK speed . 
Hotel in Siena close to railway station 
Still UNK option though if you want to be on the strip for a UNK price . 
The food and UNK is UNK with a UNK staff . 
There are all conditions for your UNK . 
The first floor 24 hr bar was UNK run and no matter what time of day there was always a waiter on hand to serve . 
A hotel within the Hilton standard . 
An UNK place to stay with UNK hosts . 
The room was UNK . 
Food is UNK and all tastes . 
The staff were UNK and UNK . 
Resort / rooms UNK and UNK . 
Fantastic and UNK place . 
There is absolutely nothing to UNK about the hotel . 
A UNK place to go and we are planning to return as soon as we can . 
The holiday was everything we 've hoped for 
I have travelled a lot in my life , all around the world , staying at some of the world 's loveliest hotels , but never have I encountered a hotel with such staff , who go out of their way to make the guests UNK their visit . 
Great and UNK place to stay . 
The standard is in UNK , We UNK the UNK very UNK , every restaurant is in the UNK , UNK and very UNK food . 
Metro is located about 5 · 7 minutes from hotel . 
We were UNK welcomed by all the staff of the hotel who UNK our needs throughout the visit . 
I hope to be there next summer for more days ! 
The Titanic Palace is one of the most UNK hotels I have seen and the staff tried their UNK to help . 
That was a huge plus for us as you can really easily walk all places of interest . 
I would say its a UNK 2 star hotel . 
Acceptable for a short business trip 
Although the entrance of the building is in front of the Via di Pantaneto , a road with less traffic , nearly all rooms are at the rear with a UNK view at Siena ’ s countryside . 
Excellent location for this UNK hotel . 
The biggest room in Bulgaria with UNK sea view . 
We started each day with a buffet breakfast , UNK at the huge pools or UNK beach and finished the evening with cocktails accompanied by a live singer . 
If you come by car , there is a car · park underneath the hotel 
In addition to the price , the big advantadge is that the hotel is located verz close to the city center , and hence provides a prefect `` base camp `` . 
I will be going again I hope as UNK the hotel and UNK in UNK . 
Good value for money 
Cheap yet Comfy Option 2 days in Amsterdam South 
Nice hotel in big territory , not on big builnding but smaller houses from the reception building till the seaside . 
It is located next to the park and a rose garden in a UNK area 10 min from the center of Trier 
Monmarte is really near ( about 1mile ) , so it UNK to walk around hotel and this part of the city is not so crowded , so location is UNK . 
In our 14 days stay in all inclusive vas great.Incredible size of the suite , UNK and very luxury.Food is UNK , UNK coktails.Staff is wery UNK , especialy animation team and manager Mohamed , he ensures that everything you need is there.Thank you all.We UNK it . 
There are a lot of restaurants and bars on the territory of hotel . 
The hotel is easily one of the classiest establishments I have ever had the honor of staying at . 
Unfortunately , I can only give the maximum number of 6 points , this hotel has earned it in some areas , but the score 8 ! ! ! ! ! 
Really a UNK and UNK hotel 
The roof UNK bar is UNK and unmatched by other hotels . 
But the receptionist immediately offered me an UNK room with riverside view . 
The hotel is located very close to the subway station and it takes just a few stations to the inner city . 
Noticeable the UNK parking for all hotel and inn customers . 
Overall the hotel can be recomended . 
The location itself was rather UNK , with a number of UNK shops and restaurants that I made use of . 
Good situation . 
Easy to reach by car and there are UNK parking places . 
The location is in a UNK , UNK , UNK street close to a supermarket and the bus stop . 
The hotel has UNK parking , and a UNK lobby . 
Nice hotel for this price . 
However , a Tram stop is less than 5 minutes away walking from the hotel . 
Central location 
Service is normal . 
The hotel was UNK UNK and you are spoilt for choice with UNK to food ; there was an italian , oriental , mexican and asian restaurant as UNK as the two main buffet restaurants across both hotels . 
Big hotel area for nearby 300 guests . 
The food was UNK presented and UNK · Greek dishes with a general European UNK . 
At 2 steps from downtown ! 
We are going to visit it again next year . 
We UNK UNK and UNK check · in and check · out procedures . 
Restaurant downstairs was quite UNK , though . 
Service was UNK and UNK , the room was cleaned every day ! 
Nice sauna area . 
Room was UNK , UNK space for two , UNK bedding and towels , UNK bed , air con , UNK shower , and it was surprisingly quite at night . 
Other than that the receptionists were very UNK and quick . 
Our one year old son UNK to run around there and there was a big playground in the park only a couple of hundred meters from the hotel . 
Good ! 
Staff is very UNK and helpfull which made my stay UNK . 
Many UNK changes since my last stay 
Perfect holidays with UNK food and UNK staff 
The hotel has a UNK position close to the city center and the train station . 
during my stay here at titanic i had a UNK UNK by the reseption and the general mangers then we had a UNK meet again with the animation staff , we had a UNK big room for us as a couple and a UNK pool view , the dinner was always UNK there was never a nite were we could not find something to eat the hotel was UNK looked after and the bar staff and waiters were all help full . 
It is part of an old palazzo , recently renovated and adjusted to UNK standards ( including UNK wifi ) . 
Bar staff is UNK ( probably students ) . 
It is situated in Frankfurt Flughaven railway station , so as one might expect transport connections are UNK . 
We can not find anything to UNK about . 
Good quality breakfast . 
The hotel is very UNK however , with swipe card access to each floor . 
You might be UNK surprised 
Our hosts were UNK and very UNK . 
The wifi internet connection is UNK . 
In Dana beach is everything UNK , the food , the rooms , the people who are working there ! ! 
The only UNK is that they are offering UNK internet in the lobby , some UNK drinks buffet and UNK reception staff . 
All in all we UNK the hotel very much and can UNK it . 
Close to the beach and with a shopping center on the other side of the street . 
There was soap provided . 
The area looked very luxurous and spacy . 
The UNK holiday ever , we will be back again 
Relax in the city 
Up to expectations for a Holiday Inn Express 
We were not UNK as our travel ágent had made a UNK with our booking and the hotel manager sorted it for us UNK . 
In the room there was coffee machine . 
Good UNK bussiness choice 
Go for Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof ! 
This would be our first UNK for a UNK stay close to the city ! 
Good start up for excursions , and also not far away from Utrecht , Amsterdam , and The Haque . 
As the hotel was only built a few years ago it is not run down at all and is very UNK . 
Already booked our next visit in 2013 . 
The hotel is UNK and UNK and the service is UNK ! 
Nice hotel with UNK wellness facilities 
In general , a UNK impression of the hotel . 
Nice hotel with a UNK park 
The second one was the buffet breakfast : it was very various and it was served since very early morning ( so I was not UNK of it before my morning flight ) . 
Being a budget hotel , the ration between costs and quality is UNK UNK and there 's also UNK internet connection ( WiFi only ) . 
Everything you need is there at walking distance . 
I have been treated like family since I have been staying here ( 2 months ) . 
Staff were UNK and UNK to assist with anything they could help with . 
Golf courses can be easily reached from the hotel , tee times and transport have been organised by the hotel ( Ms. Ö . 
It 's UNK is location on the hotel UNK floor so you can UNK the view of Lyon though . 
Advertised `` Free Parking `` 
Great location , UNK hotel 
The food was ok. UNK offer , giant buffet ( in the morning AND in the evening ) , especially the deserts were very UNK . 
I felt the attention to detail , from the staffs attitudes to the room itself was UNK . 
The technology provided UNK UNK ( skype ) for our needs . 
everything was quite UNK , had a UNK time ! 
I think this is my new UNK place to go on vacation , everything is UNK . 
We are surely coming back to this very UNK hotel . 
The room was UNK , big , air conditioning . 
The hotel is very UNK and UNK , it is in a UNK setting and very UNK . 
It was our first night in a foreign country and you made us feel like we were at home . 
we would consider going back to dana beach as we found it to be a UNK UNK out 
The food , UNK of , and the offer to dine anywhere in any of seven or so different dining rooms in the resort was a UNK . 
The hotel we very UNK , not too big nor too small . 
Then , you can finish your day around a UNK meal in restaurant . 
Room was equipped with TV , radio , Kettle , Coffee maker , dvd player and a tv with so many channels . 
and its UNK too ! 
Overall it was a UNK experience , one I would gladly repeat . 
However the location is very UNK . it is close to all attractions and amenities . 
I will be back in my next stay at Copenhagen . 
The staff were AMAZING , they made the whole holiday and even to the point where we extended our stay . 
A stay we always will remember with UNK and UNK 
The staff is very UNK , UNK and UNK . 
Nice hotel , UNK cuisine 
There is no other hotel in Deventer for me but The Gilde . 
I stayed in a redecorated and refurnished room . 
There are 5 restaurants and they are all very UNK . 
Even though the hotel is build in the 70s everything was in UNK shape . 
It is a really UNK hotel in UNK condition and very UNK to travel to anywhere in the city . 
Enjoyed this holiday so much we booked again for the following year and will be booking again for 2014 , as returning guests we were given lots of extras.the food was supburb and catered for all different cultures and tastes.we had a cottage which was on the beach front which was very UNK UNK and spacious.the room boys took care of our every need.we still keep in touchwith the bar staff through sms.every one greets you with a UNK and makes you feel special weather in feb was 35 / 40 degrees so all inclusive beer was welcome.would reccomend this hotel very higly . : ) 
Mainly Russian tourists and guests with some Germans thrown in but would most definitely return to this hotel in the future as could not UNK anything . 
We already went 14 times to this hotel and we already booked again for april 2013 for 2 weeks ! 
The location is UNK , just a few minutes walking from a shopping street / area with plenty of shops ( including a supermarket ) , bars and restaurants . 
It 's locate near Champ Elysee , Arc de Triump and very close to George 5 metro station.The staff was very UNK . 
I would certainly stay here again . 
We paid a last minute price thus was ' UNK ' for this hotel and extremely UNK compared to other places we had stayed in Tuscany . 
Nice Affordable Hotel 
Good value for money ! 
Food was UNK always a very UNK choice in each restaurant . 
Good location , average quality 
Good and UNK hotel . 
Friendly staff 
Liked a lot the dancers , but when guests UNK guest with UNK dansing and running around to take shoes and pants from the audience is UNK and borring . 
Plus points · unique bed , built · in rain shower / bath tub , UNK French cuisine , very UNK staff , candy on the bed , in · room FREE coffee / tea , UNK and UNK surroundings and the little gift when leaving the hotel was UNK . 
Will UNK return to this hotel , staff where UNK , the lobby was welcoming hotel was in UNK condition and the rooms very UNK , Köln city centre is only a short UNK walk from room 
The hotel is laying in the real center of Lyon and the old parts of town is all around . 
Dam Square is only a few minutes ' walk or 2 tram stops away . 
My wife and I especially UNK speaking with Oliver , and exchanging our respective views on life in France and the U.S . I do not know when we will get to France ( Europe ) again , but we will definitely consider the Vivaldi Hotel again . 
So no UNK about were to park . 
Even 2 pools were heated . 
Safety with card system and front desk attendance throughout the night UNK . 
) Housekeeping was frequent . 
Highlights included : UNK staff ( Nadia and Petros are UNK ) , UNK food , UNK apartment cleaned daily and a short taxi ride to the town center & amp ; amp ; bars ( which we thought was UNK ) , 
Nice hotel 
Nice and UNK hotel . 
We went all inclusive and there is a UNK selection for the buffet . 
We thoroughly UNK our stay and would UNK return when we visit York again 
The a la carte restaurant and the fish restaurant were UNK and UNK value . 
If you are looking for a UNK hostel in the centre of Madrid and do not need any other services , it is UNK trying . 
I just can UNK this hotel to everybody and you should eat at the Asian · Restaurant ... thats just a dream ... 
Near hotel there are many bars , pubs , clubs . 
The hotel is located near Place de Opera , in a side street . 
And I already booked my next stay for the end of this month ( July 2011 ) . 
A UNK beach hotel , less than an hour from Thessaloniki , with UNK sea view and one of the UNK beaches ( organized · blue flag ) I ever visited , ideal for a weekend UNK or a long summer holiday . 
Everything is very UNK and UNK looked after , Staff are very UNK and helpfull , lots do do , all in all its an UNK place to stay , we will be going back soon ! 
Great location , UNK staff 
The staff were UNK and could not have been more welcoming or UNK . 
Good hotel for a business trip 
first class service in every department from cleaners to waiters and service desk at reception , booked a double room with wife and grandaughter and was given a UNK upgrade to a junior suite , what more can i say UNK food and drinks plenty sunbeds at pools and beach 
Ervery morning Aquagym ! 
The Hotel is UNK , UNK and hip . 
Breakfast with a lot of choice very UNK and UNK people . 
Also the staff of the hotel is very UNK and UNK . 
Still it is UNK budget hotel for young travellers . 
Similar to all Steigenburger hotels of which I stayed , the hotel was UNK and the staff professional . 
He was really kind and service minded . 
A UNK location where you can just walk around the pond and be cared for in a very UNK way in the hotel . 
The cottages are very UNK , UNK and UNK . 
Quiet , UNK , big beds , UNK internet , UNK pool ... of course i will UNK this hotel to all my friends .. 
and it was UNK and UNK UNK people in the hotel and very UNK and helpfull 
In addition to the large and UNK bed , furniture included a desk and 2 seats . 
In the hotel itself you will find UNK restaurant and very UNK food . 
The bathroom was UNK new and also absolutely UNK . 
A UNK shopping mall just around the corner . 
Food was very UNK , location of the hotel UNK , we UNK the leisure activities . 
The hotel was massive and had everything that I could possibly need . 
Aqua park is big and very UNK . 
A very UNK domicile in a UNK environment : It was my first stay in Trier and I would like to come back with my family . 
Friendly staff , UNK room , UNK breakfast , pool and gym . 
The spa and wellness facilities were UNK than we hoped we would get in a four · star hotel ( compared to some five · star hotels we stayed in ) . 
Free wireless internet connections UNK in rooms and lobby which made this hotel UNK . 
Good rest with my mother and my dog 
Minibus goes from the airport to a hotel . 
Vital Spa is UNK but UNK because UNK from 7 am to 11 pm ! 
The Vivaldi Hotel , UNK & amp ; UNK 
Nothing to UNK about with the hotel or the room or pool etc was a UNK get away with some UNK people and some really UNK and UNK staff in the animation team . 
The room was UNK , the service was very UNK · I said I needed to leave early in the morning to catch a flight ( which would make me UNK breakfast ) , and the front desk offered me a takeaway basket with some fruits , cookies and juice so I could eat it on the go , all UNK of charge . 
Friendly staff . 
Very UNK bed and room with sea views . 
Definitely UNK the money and really UNK our stay , UNK done to all the staff we met . 
Keep up di UNK UNK . 
Overal resort is UNK . 
The bar on the ground floor is opened till late and serves UNK Carlsberg . 
Comfortable UNK hotel close to Central Rail station in Antwerp and shops and restaurants . 
A UNK choice for those who UNK UNK and UNK . 
We have travelled all over the world and rate this as one of the UNK holidays . 
Nice accomodation with a really UNK breakfast . 
The first one was a UNK view to the old city : the dawning that highlighted it by red sunbeams was absolutely UNK . 
The location is UNK too close to the central square which makes it very UNK to walk around . 
i spent there the UNK holiday in my life . i hope that i 'll come back there . i met very UNK people . there was very UNK animator · Ala Nani . 
It can be a UNK place 
The room was UNK with minimal interior . 
The Vivaldi Hotel ( Puteaux , France ) is in walking distance to the metro ( Paris ) . 
Quietly place and god parking areas . 
No UNK whatsoever . 
Excellent check in and given all information needed . 
Bell staff very UNK and helpfull . 
two boats are UNK to ferry guest to the beach if needed.although walking is not a UNK . 
The rooms were UNK , big and UNK . 
Good service and UNK staff . 
Good quality bikes were UNK to hire to get you into the town centre quickly . 
· breakfeast ( buffet ) is UNK , dinner is UNK 
The hotel boasts UNK architecture and stands true to it 's name · a palace . 
Budget stay in Paris 
A UNK wellness · hotel 
This hotel was UNK the staff can 't do UNK for you . 
stayed for a weekend , UNK location between village and beach , accepts dogs · a must for us , UNK staff , very UNK 
Conseil · attractions : The Hop · On Hop · Off bus is a UNK way to get around and familiarise yourself with the area · maybe two day ticket is the UNK as it is too much for one day is you want to get off and look at any of the sights . 
Overall UNK hotel . 
I would like to go byack write now 
The personal in the whole hotel let you feel that you are UNK en they treat you with care . 
In · room breakfast was tasty and quite large , UNK . 
Probably , price is OK because it is Paris . 
From arriving at the hotel the staff couldn 't do UNK for us . 
We had a UNK stay there and be definitely back soon ! 
Hotel rooms are equiped with UNK kitchenete facilities , there is toaster , electric kettle , microwave and dishwasher . 
In the few months a lot has been completed and beautified . 
Good price / quality rate . 
There is a forest directly next to the hotel for doggy walks . 
For you exspectations and use everything was ok . 
The rooms were UNK , very UNK , UNK decorated and UNK . 
Hotel provided breakfast for UNK due to TV not working , and no telephone in the room . 
Overall impression of the hotel is UNK , very UNK suroundings , UNK distance to the sea , UNK staff . 
Good price / quality rate with UNK breakfast 
Overall we had a UNK stay , on a UNK place . 
Clean sizeable room with UNK facilities in the part of the hotel we were in . 
The location was the most UNK aspect of this hotel , so close to The Louvre and walking distance to most other major tourist sights and also to the train stations . 
Good shuttle bus service to and from hotel to Frankfurt airport . 
While staying in the place you have UNK access to hop & amp ; hop bus tour , coach to the airport and Corte d 'Ingles which is UNK store . 
I think it is UNK to say that I returned to this location for at least 12 times . 
The breakfast is UNK . 
Busdriver Peter Langhout was UNK understanding and UNK . 
A UNK hotel in a UNK place ... 
Location : just crossing the roads there are plenty of very UNK restaurants at UNK prices . 
I stayed at the attic room which is the cheapest UNK in Rangemoor Park Hotel . 
We UNK it to everybody ! 
The hotel rooms are really big and UNK and cleaned daily and UNK UNK drinks and water in the fridge which is restocked daily . 
Excellent location , everthing at walking distance 
It is one of the Ibis chain hotels and , as such , it offers a business oriented services , everything is UNK , the amenities are UNK known at the time of booking . 
Plus : really UNK orange juice at breakfast ( squeezed on demand ) 
Gym and swimming pool are where I can UNK out my body after a long and UNK travel in the city . 
We would like to visit the Dana Beach Resort again . 
I UNK stay at this hotel , when they have UNK rooms . 
There is lift in the building . 
I would UNK this for someone wanting a relaxing time . 
18th century UNK with UNK UNK ! 
Loads of shopping opportunities and UNK food near by , and mostly all of the sight seeng is within the walking distance . 
The check in was quick and UNK , just what you need after a long flight . 
The receptionist was UNK and took all the UNK to help me . 
all the evenings after dinner mini mini minidisco ya ya ho ... . half an hour of UNK dancing and the kids were UNK to sleep ... 
Good , UNK accommodation with UNK staff 
The hotel is UNK for his position in the town , 10 minutes by foot to get to the nightlife ( Rembrantplein ) . 
Ofitsyanty while working UNK . 
Relax 
Will definitely be retuning , advise people to go here for a UNK holiday ! 
The breakfast was UNK and everything was offered · cheese , fruit , breads , juice , coffee , tea and chocolate sprinkles ( my personal favourite ) . 
The rooms are UNK and every part of the hotel UNK and UNK , the gardens and hotel are UNK ! 
· wifi is UNK 
One of the staff members speaks very UNK Dutch en Hussein M. the duty manager gave us a UNK UNK and a very UNK stay . 
It ’ s within walking distance of Rome ’ s most UNK sights . 
This hotel is located a couple of blocks from the central Railway station in Milan , Italy , called Terminal Centrale . 
Very Upsale Hotel , In the Center of the City 
Would UNK when in transit . 
The hotel Manager , Michel stays on UNK of everything , UNK by example and has a UNK trained staff . 
Clean UNK , plenty of UNK water . 
Good quality for price 
This man is UNK · very UNK and UNK for hotel guests . 
We UNK te meals . 
Nice 
Staff UNK , UNK and professional . 
I got 5 days of maximum relax time . 
Staff can not do UNK for you . 
Great central location 
And the Luxemburg gardens are also in walking distance . 
This place is one of the UNK for vacation . 
we had UNK time and would go back in a few years when it has been refurbed and UNK management . 
Seems to be brand new , staff is very UNK and UNK , UNK fitness in the eleventh floor , and rooms with the view over Tallinn 
Lots of restaurants to choose from , UNK and UNK staff , UNK facilities and some activities and UNK and UNK for those who want that . 
A UNK choice 
Genuine country and people 
The hotel provides for little but UNK things like razor with gel , bus tickets . 
Nice dining options in the Hotel . 
Good choise , tasteful meals and UNK rooms 
Internet connection is UNK and high speed . 
The food was UNK , the staff was really helpfull and UNK , we felt very UNK as everywhere everybody was always there to give us information or help . 
I have absolutely nothing to UNK about : everything was UNK . 
Relax and UNK 
Location · 2 blocks form the beach in the heart of Art Deco district . 
The rooms are UNK UNK and it is an all inclusive package . 
Everything you wish will be done 
Everything was UNK , the UNK of the staff , the food was UNK ... .. UNK faces all around you ... .. 
The dinner was UNK and the dining room staff made sure we had a table all to ourselves . 
Wi · fi Free and UNK conncetion . 
Quite OK hotel next to Amsterdam.Major UNK is UNK parking and subway station within 8 mins walk . 
Beautiful views were only made more UNK by this hotel 's landscape , architecture , and UNK staff . 
The bar is UNK , food is UNK , and there is a small gym in the basement for a morning UNK out . 
Appears that the hotel was recently renovated and done so with style and attention to detail . 
Clean room . UNK staff . a UNK balcony with sea view . 
But · a very relaxing stay with UNK people and service in UNK . 
In general , staff is UNK and UNK , and the stay was UNK . 
Staff are UNK and the whole holiday package was UNK ! 
Nice hotel with UNK access to the city and Messe 
So there are many caffees , restaurants and shops nearby . 
This hotel is fantasic , we went for a chilled out week away and it was UNK , the staff can not do UNK for you it 's UNK situated on the beach and it has it 's own waterpark which is UNK UNK . 
Very UNK hotel with UNK wellness facilities . the hotel is just a 15min walk from the city center . 
Near Milano Centrale train station with bus stop to all airports . 
A nightclub UNK across the street . 
The hotel was very UNK , I think it 's UNK that they have like 5 restaurants so the people are spread over 5 restaurants so it 's never so crowded . 
I found this hotel one of the UNK I have stayed in while travelling in Europe for value and service . 
There is a UNK bar in the lobby and staff was UNK and UNK , as UNK as very helpfull . 
The room was OK . 
close to shopping , to the restaurant and transfer . 
it was my the UNK holiday.really everybody there are UNK and animation club was UNK I thing that you can find there everything from UNK to have a rest . 
The hotel was UNK to find , had UNK · priced parking and this was our main reason to choose it on our way home from a holiday in France . 
On Nevskii , close to metro , so UNK to reach by public transport . 
I found the hotel UNK and UNK maintained the AC UNK UNK . 
Complimentary breakfast served in the lobby was UNK . 
Breakfast was substantial and included . 
very UNK sea , UNK beach , animation team was always trying to UNK people , the hotel itself is a real 4star hotel , the rooms are big , UNK staff 
Staff was always UNK to comply with our wishes . 
The villas are UNK laid out across the UNK grounds . 
We UNK breakfast and one dinner at the hotel and it was both UNK . 
The hotel is located on a UNK spot , public transport all around . 
The bed was big and really UNK and the whole room had everything essential · minibar , TV and a huge bathroom with a bathtube . 
Trendy hotel in a UNK spot 
The center of Trier is just a 10 · 15 minute drive away . 
We stayed in a beach villa overlooking the sea ( number 50 ) it was in a UNK position , was very UNK and UNK furbished . 
The room was big and UNK as expected . 
The beds were als not too UNK and not too UNK : UNK . 
Many people are also working in the garden and the water in the lagune and pond get cleaned the whole day . 
Quiet location . 
Lobby , Executive Lounge and Room left a UNK impression . 
Lovely hotel . 
We were surprised by the UNK cuisine in the hotel . 
The reception area looks very UNK , and almost newly decorated . 
Practical 
Beddings were UNK and UNK . 
Sultana Café is really UNK a visit . 
5 minute walk from Gran Via , got off the Madrid city tour bus , went into the hotel , in 15 minutes we were back on tour . 
To the hotel from the hotel , the shuttle bus is gratis . 
Good all rounder 
I can UNK this hotel , romms are big and UNK , UNK animation team , every evening show time so we werent UNK , every night disco , food was really UNK and UNK and what was UNK also · u can reserve a dinner in themed restaurant , i UNK especially italian 
The food was international hotel food , buffet style and was UNK . 
The staff was very UNK and UNK . 
Good times , UNK people 
drinks UNK UNK coktails 
It 's a very UNK and UNK hotel which makes you feel at home UNK away . 
Beautiful honeymoon 
The new management is a definete UNK 
The hotel might at first be UNK due to it 's special architectual design and features . 
Well positioned for city sightseeing and UNK connected ( UNK access to airport with metro ) . 
Hotel ambience is UNK . 
Budget hotel at the Terminale Centrale , Milan 
Hope to return to the area soon and will definently try and stay here again . 
We had a UNK time.The staff were UNK the food was great.And there is lots of private areas by the sea.What can i say.Love the Grand Palladium jamaica.And we hope to see all the staff next year . 
Very UNK and UNK hotel . 
However , the room and hotel is UNK and UNK . 
It was definitely UNK which is most UNK to us . 
the hotel rooms were UNK and the bathrooms were large , very UNK , the food had such a UNK . 
busses to the beache and drinks at al time 
Beautiful surroundings , UNK beach , UNK staff 
Hotel not too far from center ( 25 minutes walk from main station , but tram station just in front of the hotel ) , room really quite , beds really confortable . 
The location is UNK , so close to the Louvre and many other sights and also had a balcony , UNK size flat · screen TV , very UNK bed , in · room artwork very UNK . 
It a UNK location , basic , UNK and thats all I can ask for for the price . 
Not a partyplace in a UNK sence . 
Having the Level Member offer , we had several VIP services ( UNK mini bar refilled , bottle of wine as a welcoming reception , VIP restaurant for breakfast , UNK lounge bar access ( alcohol + sweets + tea / coffee / ... ) , discount on several things ( restaurant , laundry , shopping areas , clubs ... ) 
A táxi to Victoria station is about 12 pounds and it ´ s very close to Waterloo , 5 minutes walk to Big Bem . 
very UNK according the price .. UNK sea.very UNK people . i would like to be again in that place . i will not forget the smilling faces of the emploeys of the hotel and how helpfull they were & gt ; 
With a rate of 95 € the price was UNK food an airport hotel . 
Cozy French hotel near to Monmarte 
Good 4 stars hotel 
The staff was very UNK , the beach is 2 minutes walking and the sea is UNK ! 
But we layed on the stretchers on the lawn with UNK service , so it was not so UNK 
But the whole experience was UNK and UNK it . 
All UNK Resort 
The bungalow was UNK , the pool guys always UNK and were very UNK . 
That was a surprise . 
The service is really UNK of the line , and rooms are renovated in a very classy , but UNK style . 
We had a groundfloor room so access for my scootmobile was no UNK and parking of the scootmobile was also sorted without any UNK · a UNK team , staff and management . 
Overall , I liked the rest . 
Great location not far from the city centers and we never needed any bus ride during our stay . 
The atmosphere is UNK UNK and relaxing and it was for us a UNK place to return to after a busy day sightseeing in the City . 
We liked the UNK UNK of food at the different restaurants . 
The room was ideal for a UNK stay : large UNK bed , separate furnished dressing · room and UNK · equipped bathroom . 
It is located 7 minutes away by foot from Amsterdam cetral train terminal . 
Unfortunately we speak very little German but the staff were very UNK and UNK . 
Short drive to Amsterdam RAI . 
After a long day trip to Luxor we still could have a dinner because it 's possible until 24.00 . 
Staff were UNK . 
Advantages of this hostal · it is UNK and located in the center . 
Staff were UNK and UNK . 
Food was always UNK too . 
Perfect hotel to discover Köln , just out of the real center ( only 2 stops with the `` U · Bahn `` ) . 
The employees know most of world main languages English German Russian arabic etc . the last thing that I would like to say is you can find all kinds of food from different regions of the world . 
Beautifull gardens and swimmingpools ! 
Okay for a business trip . 
The Location is UNK within walking distance to Tivoli and the city center in general , plus being such a huge building you could easily spot it from a distance and never get UNK . 
· bathroom small , but UNK 
Very UNK and courtesious staff , but I would suggest the management a more careful selection of suppliers of UNK trips . 
The pool , jacuzzi and sauna were very UNK and relaxing . 
There are many things to do ( water sports , mountain excursions etc ) . 
Kind and UNK employes at the reception , supermarket and bar . 
I can 't really UNK about anything . 
Will definitely be returning 
A design hotel in an edgy area of Paris 
We UNK the all · in as UNK and can be UNK . 
Dog UNK 
We decided to visit Dana beach resort again in our next holiday . 
The camping village is UNK · looked · after and provided with many comforts ( restourant , supermarket , bar , two swimming · pools , one for adults , and the other , smaller for the children ) . 
I would UNK to go back . 
Fantastic hotel · everything done to make your holiday UNK . 
Polite and professional . 
Also `` fitness `` choice of food every evening was very UNK . 
Splendid hotel near shopping center `` Diagonal Mar `` . 
Breakfast was UNK with a UNK UNK . 
Smart and simple 
Employees are very UNK and kind and do their UNK to keep customers UNK , especially mr. Ihsan . 
Very UNK hotel , very UNK room with maisonette 
Situated across the river form the main city centre , but close to one of the bridges , so the walk takes only 10 minutes . 
I had a bit of UNK adjusting the heating , but help was quick . 
Clean , UNK rooms . 
If you are looking at the `` budget `` hotel and you don 't care much about the room size and the UNK facilities , then this hotel might be an option for you . 
There is a lot of bars and a la carte restaurants.We could easily make reservation for a la carte restaurants and we mostly liked to have a dinner in ottoman restaurant . 
The Empire Palace is a UNK 4 stars hotel . 
Thereafter , i have call up the room service & amp ; got it changed . 
No UNK comments at all . 
The halls are UNK with darker walls . 
during my stay at titanic beach i found many different activities for my children and also for me and my husband . 
I 've stayed at the hotel for 3 times last 12 month . 
Worked out in the gym for an hour with UNK views of the area and the airport . 
I can UNK this hotel to anyone . 
Range of restaurants and bars . 
We had overall an OK stay at the hotel . 
There was nothing that we did not like at this hotel . 
