The pool area is crowded as UNK . 
The room is very small , about 10m2 
But what I really didn 't like was the music in the lobby bar en all the other bars , way to old ! 
The room we stayed in was UNK small . 
After staying 10 minutes in the room I was already really UNK ! 
My old room was very old and I hope that the new rooms will be of this time 
Not UNK at all ! 
Min points · tiny dinner portions : · ( 
The bar at the campsite plays very UNK music every night till midnight . 
Noisy in the extreme . 
Not very UNK ! 
One big minus , prepare yourself to very persistent shop workers that UNK you all the time trying to sell you all kind of things . 
I knew I should expect small room but in reality it was very tiny . 
Transport to the airport too UNK . 
Generally to get to the hotel with a car is extremely UNK . 
It is a very small hotel in 5 km from Orly airport . 
Really UNK food at this hotel for Brits ! 
Very UNK music . 
The UNK things though were that the shopping center in the hotel were really UNK . 
I wouln 't use Thomsons ever again . 
The room I was staying in was very old · fashioned . 
Terrible room 
Some staff does not speak any English at all ! ! 
Terrible hotel ! 
Terrible stay ! 
During my walk this morning ; from the hotel to the office ; I got out of the hotel and walked to the escalator which is there and it UNK terrible ! 
The common area is very small . 
My room was very small , I would even call it claustrophobic . 
Marseillan plage is a really UNK place . 
Very small room and bathroom . 
We are very very UNK about this treatment in such serious situation and after staying there a lot of times . 
The UNK Hotel In Miami South Beach 
To be avoided at all costs . 
Very akward 
During our sray the cleaning was verry UNK . 
Unacceptable 
The breakfast is very UNK and the choice is very UNK . 
Horrible Hotel 
It is really very basic . 
Terrible service , very UNK rooms , very UNK manager 
Probably the biggest UNK · · no view from the window at all , only inner yard . 
Robbed in elevator of hotel ! 
The bikes which we could take for a short trip were in very UNK conditions . 
Spa services too UNK . 
The only UNK thing was , that the restaurant area and the breakfast was really UNK quality , and they even charged us despite the fact that we had that covered in the reservations . 
UNK experience 
AVOID ! ! ! ! 
Lounge very UNK . 
The beaches and swimming pools were totally jammed . 
Food very basic . 
Area around is UNK . 
Hotel never UNK five stars ! 
And · we stayed without any pension and the kitchenware were very UNK . 
ABSOLUTELY NOT VALUE FOR THE MONEY ... 
This place is just UNK . 
Never again 
A lot of UNK . 
Hotel was full of UNK behaved children who rushed in front of you almost knocking you over . 
Very UNK area . 
Room cleaning was terrible . 
It was really Bad . 
Bathroom and sleeping floor not cleaned at all . 
I was very UNK by the breakfast services as I asked for a double expresso instead of the normal filter coffe they wanted to charge me for that ... 
Never UNK the money we had to pay for the room and the stay ! ! ! 
Carpets where very old . 
All furniture is in very UNK conditions . 
The drive to the ground was a UNK 2 hours each morning as the roads are very gridlocked . 
I am very UNK about this hotel ! 
Very UNK hotel 
Never again ! 
Really UNK 
The bed , especially the mattress were unconfortable ! 
Piped music was so UNK it made your ears UNK ! 
Not a UNK hotel at all . 
