Great Atmosphere & amp ; varieties of foods ! 
Amazing wellness facilities at Dorint an der Messe 
Everything was UNK . 
Excecutive chef and his team UNK ; UNK food . 
We will come again ! 
Excellent room space and UNK . 
Everything was absolutely UNK . 
the animation was UNK : ) w.g the welsh girl Stephanie was always around to speak to if we needed her . 
Animation team just UNK . 
It is spotlessly UNK , food is UNK and staff are all really UNK . 
The breakfast and service you provided the next day was UNK . 
Sensational located superfriendly hotel 
I ’ m definitely going there again whenever I get a chance . 
The grounds around our villa were maintained to a very high standard as was the reception area and also the dining area . 
Excellent location 
UNK facilities for adults and chldren . 
Ideally Situated in the heart of Florence 
The rooms are very UNK and the staff there are very UNK and speak UNK English . 
Superb . 
Highly UNK 
A UNK oasis in a UNK wilderness 
Good size tv ! ! ! 
Excelent place for golf and beach 
Thank you guys , it was UNK UNK ! ! ! 
People are UNK ! 
Check · in / Check · out was a piece of cake . 
alanani , rocko and axaha should be working in a five star hotel because they were UNK ! 
Best hotel in Frankfurt 
Hotel was UNK en the staff was very UNK . 
I had the most wonderfull time there , having UNK all the time ... . : ) 
The hotel is very big and it takes quite a while to get from one place to the other , especially to get to the casino and the shops . 
It is very UNK and UNK for a UNK getaway . 
Absolutely unique pools . 
Very recommendable B & amp ; B with extremely kind staff 
A UNK holiday 
Nice ! 
I would highly UNK this resort especially compared with ones in Sharm . 
Absolutely UNK and UNK relaxing hotel 
We felt us on our holiday like in UNK . 
Unforgettable 
Hotel is very beaituful . 
Bliss .. Really UNK ! 
Internet centre was UNK . 
Location of the hotel and dinner UNK 
I was UNK with the breakfast selection . 
( restaurants , bars , spa , Pool , fitnes , staff very Good ) very Good GUEST RELATIONS staff . 
The food choices were UNK . 
All the services were UNK . 
I of course UNK Dana Beach ! 
Had a very UNK stay for two nights . 
When walking UNK were presented to the General Manager Mr Y . A. we were moved to two adjacent family rooms closer to these facilities and also given the blue bands allocated to repeat visitors , he could not have been more UNK . 
we really UNK our stay this time as we did when staying in 2010 . 
Excellent hotel . 
It 's the UNK hotel in Hurghada for us ! ! ! 
The owners maintained the place very UNK . 
Owners were very UNK with the breakfast servings . 
Perfect in every way 
Staff very UNK . 
Absolutely UNK for the price we paid ! 
The service at the LEVEL lounge bar was UNK , there was a hostess named Anna , she was so UNK , UNK , very UNK and treated us as VIPs . 
We will certainly come back next year when we have another event at Lanxess Arena 
We had experienced our UNK holiday stay ever , so far . 
We had a very UNK stay at the hotel . 
The rooms were very UNK and the staff really UNK . 
Very UNK hotel ! 
Very very UNK . 
This was the most UNK of Tuscany and I can not wait until I can go back again . 
This is a Seven star Hotel . 
The staff were very UNK . 
Perfect stay ! 
Would highly UNK it ! 
Best vacation ever ! 
Very UNK conected to Amsterdam city center · 8 min walk + 25 mins subway 
The Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof is a UNK place to stay in Frankfurt . 
This was my favourite holiday place I have ever been to ! 
The Sheraton Hotel Jumeriah is highly recommendable . 
The Hotel and Staff were very welcoming . 
It 's one of the UNK holidays we ever had in hurghada . 
Very UNK parking possibilties . 
The hotel was very UNK . 
Pools are UNK . 
Service of all staff was UNK . 
Very UNK hotel 
Dana is the UNK and we will be back again and again . 
The service was UNK from the very beginning and the organization of the conference I attended was UNK . 
Otherwise , they are all trying very , very , very UNK . 
We stayed six night in this hotel , and we were very safisfied . 
So the location is very UNK . 
The resort is absolutely UNK . 
Great Price for Weekday stay . 
A very UNK place 
Do try their fish , I had a UNK meal that evening . 
Melia Grand Hermitage ... UNK to leave it ! 
Melia Grand Hermitage is just UNK 
Best hotel in Hurghada 
Front desk is extremely UNK trained and very UNK . 
I will definitely be returning on my next trip to Holland ! 
Have stayed for Christmas in this UNK hotel . 
Very near to the beach . 
We highly UNK this hotel . 
Egypts UNK hotel at Hurghada , Dana Beach ! 
The price was UNK , the service UNK . 
Rooms , food UNK . 
The Hotel Gilde in Deventer , NL on Niuewstraat is the UNK hotel I have ever been in ! 
Absolutely UNK 
Wellness offer and quality are very UNK . 
Excellent restaurants offering a wide range . 
Excellent hotel 
The central location and the UNK staff is UNK . 
Very UNK staff ! 
The hotel is very very very very very very very UNK . 
Great hospitality 
We found this little hotel at an UNK UNK price and decided to book it . 
Rooms were very UNK . 
We were very suprised over the staffs knowledge of foreign languages . 
Its basically a UNK cruise ship concept but on land . 
It was an UNK time had by all and I would highly UNK this resort to my family and friends . 
We had a very UNK stay in Dana Beach with 8 tennisfriends . 
Ideal location for the Forum convention center . 
The most importen thing are that everyone who is working there , are the most UNK peopel we ever meet . 
Sri Lanka · we will come again ! 
Very UNK restaurant and bar . 
This hotel offers UNK value for money ! ! ! 
I would rank this one among the UNK five of visits · ever ! 
Alphons was very UNK in UNK us with directions in the area as UNK as places to visit . 
Very UNK hotel 
Great Hotel ! 
Our room was very UNK as was the whole hotel . 
In all other respects · UNK ! 
Big pluss is the huge park in connection to the hotel . 
The breakfast and diner aerea was UNK ! 
Location is UNK . 
We have just arrived from this UNK place . 
For people who want some rest and relaxatio it is realy UNK . 
The hotel is very UNK ! 
Great value for money 
Our holiday was very UNK . 
We were very UNK with the hotel . 
The price of the room was very UNK as UNK and we will book again now with the early discounts definitely . 
The suprise for honeymooners was very special to us . 
Great holiday with an UNK animation team 
Amazing holiday 
Everything was UNK . 
The double rooms are UNK and very UNK . 
The rooms with a small kitchen are highly UNK for those who want to save money and UNK the delicacies that can be found at the weekly market in the old part of Rimini ! 
A UNK range of food for breakfast and we were offered UNK egg on toast · after 3 weeks in france on bread and UNK this was a feast to behold . 
A UNK location 
Martha and Alphons are UNK hosts . 
We had eight rooms and all eight couples were made to feel very UNK on arrival . 
Such a UNK hotel , everything was UNK 
hotel UNK ! 
All in all everything was very UNK . 
But very UNK at night . 
One of the UNK holidays I have had . 
The UNK all inclusive service I have ever experienced in Egypt . 
Higly UNK ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Rooms with a view on other site are very UNK . 
We UNK very much . 
Everybody speaks Russian and it is very UNK to get informed if you need something . 
Frankfurt 's finest ! 
We will come back for sure 
For business trips as UNK as for short stays · UNK place to stay at . 
Absolutely horrible accommodation for the money 
All staff very UNK and service was UNK . 
THE BEST ANIMATIONS which I 've ever seen · especially water gym with Sasha and kuku ! ! ! 
The UNK hotel in Turkey 
Great resort 
Dana Beach · a bit of UNK on earth . 
Very Good Hotel UNK Food 
Great stay at Ibis Bilbao in November 
The location and surrounding is very UNK arranged . 
Excellent 5 star hotel 
The staff made us feel very UNK from the time we checked in ... to our departure . 
Thank you for such a UNK experience . 
This hotel has everything ! 
The surroundings and the park around the hotel was very UNK . 
All our requests were UNK handled by saff . 
very UNK hotel ! ! 
The beach was very UNK . 
The rooms are very UNK . 
All the sercices was very Good . 
The staff was really UNK and the service was UNK . 
We cant began to say UNK UNK things about our stay , but we will definitely be back this year ! ! ! 
They serve a really UNK breakfast . 
Surprise · UNK food , room and service 
Hotel was UNK with a UNK staff , room and restaurants . 
Excellent hotel and staff 
It is a unique blend of the old world royal UNK and the UNK luxuries . 
The food is UNK · especially Bubba 's Steakhouse ( ate there twice ) . 
Definitely can be highly UNK . 
We had an UNK vacation , nothing but credit . 
The staff at the Club Hotel Dolphin was very helpfull , they are taking care about the guests ! 
Really UNK resort 
Great holiday in Dana Beach Resort 
Excellent beach resort 
The food in general is very very UNK also the rooms 
Excellent hotel & amp ; service . 
This is a very UNK hotel . 
Best in class 
Best hotel we have been to ! 
We UNK a very UNK weekend UNK in the Köln Dorint . 
Loved the amination staff especially Eran , is a true friend for life 
Fantastic food , breathtaken view from the bar . 
Very UNK 
Always is one of the UNK hotel I ever use . 
Fantastic view to the old city 
Best Holiday we have had in years 
Bar is very UNK . 
Excellent selection of food , choice of restaurants and bars . 
Very UNK everywhere . 
The UNK hotel we know 
Couldn 't ask for a UNK resort · the people are just UNK . 
Love this resort ! 
i found the titanic beach and spa a UNK hotel to stay in . i stayed for a month in march 2012 also a month in november 2012 and again a month in february 2013 the staff were UNK . 
Everybody is doing ther job exelent . 
Although view of the mountains from my balcony was very UNK . 
The most UNK vacation for me and family 
It has been created from a very UNK grounds a UNK facility . 
Delightful situation and the view of the canal could not have been UNK . 
The UNK hotel in Hurghada . 
The atmosphere was so relaxing with the gardens , walkways , old buildings and even the staff . 
The staff 's foreign languages and general competences were UNK . 
A definitely highly UNK hotel . 
We really liked that . 
But the rooms were indeed very UNK and the food UNK ! 
Wonderful facility , but ... 
Excellent Hotel . 
But as I said all the personal was very okay . 
Two things were especially UNK . 
Breakfast was UNK . 
Likewise , the restaurant is UNK . 
It was a UNK UNK to be with you . 
Wonderful time 
Interior is UNK as UNK as rooms . 
Alphons & amp ; amp ; Martha are UNK hosts , most accommodating & amp ; amp ; UNK finding our way and with use of their facilities over and above expectations , without being UNK . 
Rooms are very UNK . 
Stayed at the Ritz · Carlton South Beach due to a conference and the experience was UNK . 
Room service is UNK too . 
breakfast is wonderfull 
Food and drinks were UNK . 
I will definitely come back ! 
Idea Hotel Milano San Siro 
The food there was UNK . 
That 's for sure : I 'LL BE BACK ! ! ! ! ! 
I would highly UNK the hotel to all my friends and colleagues visiting the area . 
Loved this holiday . 
Best place to stay in a very middle of Paris 
The service was UNK . 
The service was UNK ! 
The bed was UNK UNK . 
I have to say that I 've had a very UNK holiday in this hotel . 
Location is absolutely UNK · going shopping or doing business . 
One should of course mention the location · it is Top ! 
My impressions are generally very UNK and I feel 
This hotel is UNK ! 
Rent a car , cycling as UNK or to visit the mountain village of Agia marina.Chania and especially this hotel have UNK our hearts . 
We had a UNK stay in Sri Lanka . 
Great holiday ! 
Great choice . 
Save that , I definitely UNK the hotel . 
Best holiday in hotel Topaz Club 
We spent 5days touring Sri Lanka and 7 days at the Club Hotel Dolphin in what can only be described as our UNK holiday to dat . 
Mamlouk was UNK ! 
Dana Beach is a UNK hotel ! 
The rooms are huge . 
I strongly UNK it . 
Nicest hotel ever ! 
I would most certainly UNK this hotel ! ! 
the stuff very helpfull 
The atmosphere is very UNK . 
Overall our stay at the Grand Palladium was the UNK vacation I have ever had . 
Very UNK with food 
A UNK weekend UNK at the sea 
While the hotel is not owned by Marriot so the price was much lower . 
Fantasic hotel . 
Wonderful people and UNK place . 
It was my first visit at the hotel and I have to say that I am very UNK with my experience . 
The hotel has an underground garage very UNK secured . 
But on average , it is UNK . 
Sausages and mashrooms which are served in the morning are very UNK . 
Hospitality and services at the highest level . 
But despite that we would definately UNK this hotel for holidays and we had a very UNK time there . 
Have also stayed in other hotels and to me NH CARLTON is definitely the UNK . 
Breakfast is UNK ! 
Personal is very UNK en UNK very UNK to please the people 
Very UNK stay at this hotel . 
Best holidays ever ! 
Just UNK 
I UNK rooftop swimming pool ! 
Absolutely UNK 
Our UNK holiday to date 
Entertainment program was very Good . 
A UNK stay ! 
It was my second Stay at this UNK hotel and it was just UNK . 
) The five UNK restaurants gave an UNK choice of food although beach bar was just chips , burgers , hotdogs ( occasional BBQ fish ) and salad . 
The staff is very UNK and always UNK to help , with some of them it is a little UNK to talk , but it 's okay . 
A little piece of UNK 
The location of this hotel can 't be beat . 
Top hotel . 
UNK you for this UNK time · I will come back for sure ... 
Hotel Massena is UNK located near Opera in Paris . 
Köln is really UNK visiting , and the Dorint a very UNK place to stay . 
Very welcoming ! 
The UNK resort for the UNK holiday 
Paradise on earth 
Mamlouk resort was UNK . 
Keep on going with te UNK UNK ! 
The hotel is UNK . 
We had a 4 · month · old baby with us and the personnel was very UNK to find a UNK table for us and the stroller . 
Staff is very UNK ; beds are UNK UNK ; breakfast buffett is UNK ; airport shuttle service the moct UNK I have ever had . 
The atmosphere and staff were UNK . 
Sasha , Tyson , Kristina , Emeli , Denis ... very UNK staff . 
The staff was absolutely UNK , nothing was too much UNK for them . 
Awesome resort and vacation 
Cleanless is very UNK in all the zones 
Very Good services 
Every time is a wonderfull holiday 
Our UNK holiday stay ever , so far 
The Italian coffecorner Columbus is UNK . also the service of the staff is UNK . 
Excellent 
Melia is the UNK hotel in Bulgaria ! 
Great all inclusive trip ! 
Breakfast is very UNK , dinner is UNK . 
The pool bartenders were extremely UNK and always UNK of our needs . 
Dana Beach Resort · UNK ! 
Reception staff was very UNK . 
A very UNK Resort with 100 % UNK . 
Great place for business and UNK ! 
It was a UNK choice for UNK holidays ! 
We had a UNK one night stay at the hotel . 
Excellent vacationd & amp ; honeymoon 
Perfect hotel 
The pool was UNK , the entertainment was UNK . 
the biggest room in Golden Sands and i think biggest hotel bathroom in Bulgaria . 
When checking in and out the staff was very UNK . 
Water was very UNK . 
Great overall vacation · part of wedding party 
Great place to stay for extended weekend . 
The personnel UNK UNK ... ... ... 
Very UNK personal . 
The hotel looks UNK . 
Great size room , UNK pool . 
A really UNK holiday 
Hotel and Villa Dievole was absolutely UNK . 
The location is UNK situated at the end of Avenue Louise with lots of UNK shops and restaurants are close by . 
Spa area UNK with grewat gym facilities . 
The reception was most UNK in every way . 
Breakfast in UNK decorated and furnished lounge is UNK ( though somewhat overcharged ... so try to book your room at the NH Carlton breakfast included ) and view on the city is UNK . 
Hotel staff very much . 
The rooms were UNK and the standard of UNK UNK . 
For the 2nd time a UNK stay 
Melia is the UNK hotel ! 
Best in town 
I suggest the staff tell quests UNK etiquette and dress for use of those facilities as UNK as additional signage so guests like us can UNK the UNK facilities . 
The hotel offered UNK leisure activities . 
Topaz hotel for a UNK holiday in Hurghada 
The hotel room was UNK class . 
This hotel is UNK if you need some relaxing and UNK week · end with your partner . 
Outbeaten UNK noticed from lobby to room . 
IT was the UNK vacation I 've ever had ... . 
Excellent holiday and UNK staff 
Amazing value for money and UNK location . 
The hotel staff were also UNK . 
Again an very vriendly receptionist . 
Amazing hotel 
We all UNK , a lot ! 
Perfect 
The UNK about this hotel is its location . 
Top of the Tops . 
Mo ) but also all the others were very UNK . 
We really UNK our stay . 
The showers are a dream . 
Its position beside Nells Park was UNK and our room was UNK with UNK bathroom and shower . 
Hotel is UNK ! 
Best hotel 
Breakfast is highly UNK also , as are drinks in the ( rather pricy ) bar . 
Will come back for sure ! 
Animation is UNK , especially the UNK Riko , that at least speaks english , otherwise prepare yourself to an intensive Russian speaking course . 
The meeting room was very UNK serviced ( the coffee machine was UNK ) and we were able to focus on our Agenda without having to UNK about the operational elements of the visit . 
