It 's next to everything 
The apartments are large and . 
The receptionist very and . 
In general , it is a pension that is for a few days , you walk a quarter of an hour and you can take the tranche that can take you to the old case . 
Away from the Center Ideal for going to the beach , it is a 5 minute walk away . 
2 minutes from the old town , breakfast , room 
The situation , in the center of Tarragona , Plaça de la Font . 
Install features lenses , decoration and very central location . 
The beach on Paseo de la Ribera is 2 minutes away and the one from San Sebastián 5 minutes away . 
We all liked it . 
Luckily they have ear plugs . - Very central location - Very staff . 
The room in general is quite large and it nothing . 
The views , the breadth of the bed for two people , the of the environment , the of parking on the street . 
Spacious , place , connected . 
Panoramic views of Bilbao ! 
The buffet breakfast that is and the coffee are made at the moment . 
The treatment received from all the hotel staff , so and to attend to all our needs . 
Quiet environment 
Health We have made a small exit for Zaragoza and its surroundings , it is advisable and this hotel ( Avenida ) would it to everyone Thanks for this stay Health 
Very and located , than many 3 stars I 've been to . 
It 's to find something . 
Again we repeat at this hotel . 
I liked the facilities , the bungalow and the well-taken care of everything . 
The bed , with the necessary pillows . 
We liked the independence that you give your accommodations with the kitchen . 
The rooms are and very and , with an layout . 
The treatment and the of the bed . 
Two minutes from the beach . 
Sharply frightened very picina very wide lounges , if it rains one day you can read in one of the lounges and not be closed in the room . 
Very located , and . 
The tea in the terassa , l , the width of the bed , the possibility of making a bite after 24:00 , the of the worker etc etc ... 
The staff are very , , family and . 
We can not say anything ! 
Ideal for a weekend . 
The of the receptionist . 
One of the hotels as , , the of breakfast of the double bed and sizes a huge terrace of the suite silence a huge garden at 5 min from the urban center 
A detail to . 
Reception staff very and 
It 's new since it was opened in the month of June . 
Situation , , very service , breakfast 
It is like a large house adapted to rent rooms . 
Good facilities , very , , family atmosphere , entertainment . 
No experience 
The global proposal makes Sant Benet 's world of cultural heritage , quality cuisine at a very tight price and rest . 
Very and maintained , location , very decor , very bed . 
At 1 minute from the main beach and 2-3 from the stream where there is little parking for without . 
It is a hotel that is worthwhile for families with children or teenagers . 
It 's the second time I 'm in this hotel , the situation is and the rooms are large and . 
It looks like new . 
Your situation near Picadilly is , not needing public transport at any time . 
The staff are and . 
We 'll be coming back . 
We were in the 4 room very and 
The room is and . 
An experience to repeat . 
Correct breakfast 
Free private pk area on the edge of the hotel . 
All very and according to the price we paid . 
The decoration , the personal treatment and the location . 
It 's a very camp , people in general are quite , we have not had any , do not let us sleep . 
The situation and the of the room . 
Modern rooms , and . 
Friendly at reception . 
They have a library , the staff is very , the rooms are very welcoming , the value for money and the situation are . 
The hotel was in a street in the center , the location with parking at 2 min 
The proximity to the town . 
Perfect for spending one or two nights in the center of Donostia without time in journeys . 
Regardless of this , the metro stop to go to the center is 5 minutes from the hotel . 
The treatment , the details , the taste , the in the breakfast , the education , the facilities to spend days , make life for us . 
It is located . 
Its location , two minutes from the googgenheim . very staff 
The room is soundproofed . 
Let the dog take you , something in our country . 
Great location for my needs ( close to the Congress Palace ) relatively close to the center . 
Very little detail is taken care of ... I 'm sure I will repeat it . 
Very , well-taken care of spaces , very large and bed . 
A , and large hotel . 
The of the staff , the location of the hotel and the overall cleaning of the hotel . 
Cafes and teas in the room . 
the bed overall I liked everything . 
Modern and facilities . 
It is one step away from Portlligat and the moments of relaxation in the pool with views are expectaculars ... The apartment we took was a studio for 2 people and was very with a terrace of about twelve square meters with views of the bay of Cadaques . 
You have a car park just next door and it 's a hotel . 
Breakfast very complete , very and staff and facilities . 
The apartment we were in was very both day and night , despite being in the central area . 
Relatively close to Stansted Airport . 
Excellent location in the heart of the city 
The breakfast is full and varied . 
Little 
The hotel is newly constructed , the decoration of the hotel in general I of the private rooms is very maintained , , service and a value for money . 
Good facilities Reasons , very , , family atmosphere , entertainment . 
Nothing 
And the fact that they have room to park the car for also helps . 
Smoke also not present . 
The carpet of the pool ... Location , , swimming pool and a buffet breakfast . 
The location of Cal Marrufés , in a and town , in a very environment . 
I plan to go back . 
The pool , the bar service very and that there are sunbeds for the guests . 
The hotel situation is extremely , it is very close to the historic center and not too far from the most part . 
Very located , near the old town and the Termibus station ( about 10 minutes ) . 
If you have to go to the Auditorium Theater in Sant Cugat it is very close and it is ideal to stay there if you do not want to be late in Barcelona . 
You have privacy , beds and pillows . 
There are activities all day , for adults and children , not to get . 
I like it because of its situation , where from here I can move everywhere . 
Thank you so much . 
The situation , the of the staff , have renovated the ground floor and is a bar . 
Very location : ? but with services next door 
There is nothing at all 
the location The of the reception staff , very professional . 
Everything very and new . 
It is decorated in with the place and both the attention of the staff and the breakfast are . 
In any case , the hostel is very located , the staff is and very close , the room is . 
Clean and rooms . 
I have nothing to say . 
We touched one that was , in the morning some rooms were opened by the cleaning staff and they are much nicer and more welcoming . 
The location of the hotel : sunlight , natural open spaces , incomparable remote landscape . 
Good attention from him . Personal and insclusions , value for money . 
Good location 
I liked the amount of plugs I had . 
The , the location and the of finding parking 
Comfortable and room . 
Very , equipped with everything necessary to spend a few days in the center of san sebastian , with a decoration , and of Emy its owner . 
The large and rooms . 
Excellent and cuisine for celiacs if necessary . 
The rooms are and very . 
It is practical because it is in the center of Tarragona 
The peasant breakfast with first sausages and masia wine . 
There is a very full buffet of and salty ! 
Nothing , everything very It is just what we were looking for , a place to stay . It is and out of the commercial circuits and quite . 
They gave us a renovated room with a jacuzzi . 
We will return 
Nothing that is within Puigcerdà and it seems that you are in the . 
The location , the decoration and the of the beds 
A swim in the pool after a bacana and breakfast with products from the area , ... . 
To be in the center of the city The amplitude of the floor The views to the mountain . 
It is next to Gloucester Road ( subway station ) that if you come from Heatrow are 45 min , by metro , ! ! ! 
The size of the hotel is neither large nor very small , located for business or for visiting the city . 
The staff had a very attitude trying to make things easier for you to make your stay more . 
Good communication and close to everywhere . 
The of the staff , the breakfast buffet and the 
The breakfast was buffet , very complete . 
Nothing to emphasize The room is and . 
Adames is not far from the old quarter 
Quiet area 
Triple room . 
A typical farmhouse , and very maintained . 
Very natural orange juice The family treat and at all times . 
Every new force 
He rests a lot and from everything . 
It is close to the , and therefore the journey with the luggage is short . 
And the rooms are . 
Very situation , and . 
The toilet very , and the few apartments that the pressure of the water is ! ! ! : - ) 
The value for money ratio is . 
This hotel has been a discovery . 
Friendly staff , room with a very bed , natural amenities made by the owner , very food and quality price . 
They are very and have an average fridge ( half life ! ) , Very , parking , and reception staff is . 
Genuine decoration and original , materials that are not . 
The quality , the facilities and the spaciousness of the apartment . 
Amount and quality in a dining room : views of the interior terrace , fireplace and well-chosen lounge music . 
It is a central but place . 
Suitable location , close to the Guggenheim Museum and the old town . 
We the stay from the first instant to the last . 
The very service ( there was a very girl from Cádiz who us to understand how the hotel and everything that can be done in the environment ) and . 
The facilities are first class and the staff is and . 
Quiet place 
Both the facilities ( room , dining room , reception ) and the close treatment of their employees . 
The situation is , next to Trafalgar Square , very staff , and they provide you with all the questions you ask for . 
The room very considering that it was on offer 
The bathrooms are very , renovated . 
Very access , parking just in front . 
The situation in Cerdnya , the village , the place of the accommodation quite . 
Spacious room and very complete bathrooms 
Staff of the nearby and hotel . 
The service and everything that includes ( buffet , hospitality , , ... ) for the price . 
The situation because we have our daughter living very close . surely we will repeat 
Very and staff . 
The location of the hotel is and it is and . 
Totally . 
No comment . 
Close to everything I walk : supermarkets , restaurants , downtown ... The attention of the Miss . Emma , ​​as always , kind and professional . 
We did not hear any . 
I like Vilanova , I studied it , ... 40 years ago , . . Hostal Can Gatell is very central , next to the station , on the Rambla , you can walk everywhere , the staff very , , ... there is no one , . . the sea , the beach is very close , obviously it has grown a lot , . . but I think repeating . 
Continental breakfast adapted to my needs ( without gluten ) . 
The food is quite , there is and the quality is . 
Because we liked everything , being able to eat . 
I asked for views , and the truth is that I can not , in front and behind green and green ! 
The hotel is set apart from the 'bustle ' . 
Excellent personal treatment . 
Comfortable , , , everything . 
The and sympathy of the staff . 
I liked everything The situation and the value for money 
In fact , almost everything ( central , , very and . Very relationship with the girl of contact to rent the apartment . We will return , without any . 
The situation is , two minutes walk from the town hall and three from Cau Ferrat . 
Have to leave as soon as the pool , the jacuzzi , install them . new features , ... 
The only ones were the sausages and the tonaquet of sucar . 
nothing , everything has been . We did not understand the comments about this hotel , with us the deal was very of those of the beginning , we reserved a junior suite and they provided a suite in the main building , they probably had availability , but it seemed to me a detail , the common areas , outdoor pisicin and small spa , a , in the end ... an stay , breakfast too . 
I liked the , the proximity of the beach , the round road , supermarkets to go shopping . 
Everything , located 10 minutes from the old city . 
Everything very and . 
The bed very large and . 
We were given a superior room for 
Easy to park relatively near ( although they have parking ) . 
The situation , because it is surrounded by landscapes and green areas . 
The buffet breakfast is quite . 
Kindness to the Reception . 
If I have to go to Girona , repeat it 
Very close to the beach , lots of and the staff was very . 
This is a aparthotel , which I like . 
The tram stop is in front of you . 
The seituation , the cleaning and the breakfast ... very complete and varied , of the of the hotels we have visited , is ! ! ! 
The situation of the hotel a little away from the center and next to coves is for the that is breathed . 
Friendly staff 
The kitchen is very equipped and everything . 
The room is quite , everything is and , the attention of the staff is also very and the breakfast ! ! ! 
Very complete breakfast and large hours . 
Central location . 
The spaciousness of the room And the . 
The location of the hotel in the middle of nature but very close to the urban case of Pals and the roads that connect with neighboring towns . 
About personal treatment and location . 
- Personal treatment - The sound insulation of the rooms 
It really was a very apartment and tb x have a pool , jacutzi l and the garden part ... ... 
Rooms with a very decoration and at the same time practical . 
We liked having a terrace in the room . 
By booking you have a spa day And the hotel gives entrance to the Gran Casino Costa Brava 
The of its workers . 
It is noted that the hotel has recently renovated its rooms . 
The and that is breathed , a location , in the middle of the fields with the mountain and Torroella castle in the background . 
The room is very and , the large bed , the pillows very and the furniture very cared for . 
Although being so centric is . 
Friendly dls receptionists ... and situation . etc ... I 
The staff very and always about your needs THE design of the hotel and the framework of silence and that has ( garden , monastery , forest , etc . ) 
The spaces and especially the staff of the hotel . 
Comfortable and room . 
L. apartment is central . 
Very attention and attention . 
Nothing recommendable 
The situation of the hotel by the sea ! . 
Modern hotel with rooms and connections . 
Own parking And full breakfast at price . 
You have a lot of beaches in very few kms . 
Convenience And space in the room 
Air conditioned and Wi-Fi . 
Elda is very kind and close , the truth is that you feel at home ! 
The suite where I have stayed : the decoration , the small details , the of the bed , the views from the room , the silence , the relax ... And the attention received by the hotel staff . 
Good rooms 
Everything was . 
It is a new , and hotel . 
The amplitude of the parking lot because it allows you to ride bicycles without . 
For the same price I have been in other lodgings in conditions . 
Near AP7 , it is ideal for those who are on the go or have to go to Barcelona . And they do not want to spend their money on accommodation ( the FGC train is in 30 minutes ) . 
I have not had any experience , The situation of the hotel is , ideal to spend a few days on the beach without about holidays . 
Very and rooms . 
The apartment suite is very large with views and with all the comforts . 
The staff at the hotel is very and . 
Everything has been . 
Beds very , complete bathroom . 
We will be again 
Centralized air-conditioning Treat 
Good quality price . 
Accessories be . 
But still I could rest . 
Very place , very and buffet for breakfast , if we return to Puigcerdà we will repeat . 
It is a hotel , the breakfast is very complete and of quality . 
Lots of hygiene 
Very and family hotel . 
Clean and staff . 
Immediately they resolved the . 
The hotel situation The of the staff 
Good breakfast 
The location of the hotel is in relation to beaches and entertainment area . 
- The cleaning - The situation : a very environment , very close to the beach - The : large and bed , large bathroom , many channels on the TV , coffee maker in the room , large closet 
Very area , away from the center . 
If we return to Paris we will return . 
The apartment is very and with all the needs , and . 
Very attention from staff and facilities very and very 
Parking included . 
Perhaps double rooms on the upper floors are more . 
A priori it seems to be somewhat apart , but it is very close to the river walk that to the old quarter ( about 30 minutes going , walk ) 
The car park , the parking areas , are 5 minutes away . 
Cleanliness , of the staff and location of the hotel . 
He . very staff The quality and of the food are very . the beds At night , I told you some chocolates left over from the pillow and they opened the bed . 
Very location of the hotel , with different spaces , very service , you for letting us the pool after leaving the room . 
In the afternoon , they offer snack that goes to rest and take strength . 
Very rooms with a small kitchen , all very and . 
Homemade food and very . 
The situation near the public transport , the cleaning , the attention of the personnel and the quality breakfast . 
The place is very Relaxed atmosphere , far from the and close to many places to visit Pals Peratallada Begur ... . 
Breakfast , full and varied , and the area where we eat , located in front of the pool . 
Ideal to disconnect 
Very , a very located and pension . 
The availability of the reception staff to help us in everything we needed . 
Good decoration 
The very breakfast and the lady who serves him very and . 
Good situation , and service . 
Ideal to relax , it has 7 rooms , thus family atmosphere . 
Well from outside and very ( parquet ) . 
Its location is very , next to the beach , and next to the historic center 
He had already been to Hostal Barris for his location and value for money ; On this occasion I have to comment that with the of summer , I the conditioned air of the rooms and the small refrigerator , which we used to keep a bottle of cava that we had bought . 
It 's for a short . 
The facilities and the breakfast quite 
The bungalow is very practical and . 
the bathroom , the shower and that there are ipads in the dining room 
All OK . 
The sofas of the reception Tranquility Good treatment Good advice from the staff 
The global note is between and . 
The direct and personal treatment . 
A detail . 
Friendly staff , and . 
He was and was very close to the beach . 
The of the hotel and as always the staff . 
10 minutes by car from the beaches of Begur , and with a farmhouse or village setting . 
The of the hotel and the location just a short distance from La Contxa ( 30 minutes ) while walking in a setting . 
They were very pent-up and even , they provided you with cava , water to go to the beach , a drink on the terrace , they ate snacks and even , they left your towels and umbrella to go to the beach without charging- you nothing 
The room was facing the outside with a view and it was large and . 
Very and competent staff . 
Large and well-equipped apartment . 
Comfortable , the most complete we have found everywhere . 
I it to adult couples . 
Impeccably , maintained , , in an environment . 
Rooms with double bed and sofa bed are large and well-distributed . 
In general it is a hotel with facilities and location . 
But finally , after only two hours , we could the apartment . 
Private parking at a price . 
The room is and luckily ; - ) I treat the staff is and they try to help you with everything . 
The room as a whole was acceptable ( furniture , lighting , bathroom with shower and dryer ) . 
I liked everything , the room , the very decoration and everything new , the breakfast and the very close and service . 
Treatment , breakfast , surroundings , facilities ( heated pool open all hours ) , the bed , the toilet , the beds in the terraces of the room . 
Going for a drink with a atmosphere and having to go nowhere else , just go to your room to . 
Glass windows of colors , which give an original touch . 
nothing very staff accepts our pet and we value it so much 
Free parking 
The room . 
Correct quality-price ratio . 
I would repeat 
An ideal place to rest and disconnect . 
All in all , very and professional staff . 
The , the of the house , the village and the landscape and the and authenticity of the owners 
Breakfast-Buffet very complete and varied 
We contract half board , since the restaurant offers a menu for celiacs , our son is it and we had no . 
I liked everything , it was phantasy 
There is always someone at the reception and they are very 
We had amplitude and privacy . 
Very and staff . 
The facilities are well-equipped : swimming pool and sports facilities are maintained . 
Extension of spaces . 
To put something , the low water pressure in the shower The brightness of all areas , the and Mediterranean touch in the decoration of spaces and gardens . 
The treatment of the staff and their to make you feel at home . 
The old and new construction combined . 
The facilities , the of the place , the treatment of the staff and the proximity to the monastery . 
The pool The Excellent facilities The very food The service of reception and cleaning rooms very and . 
Simple and for the price it has . 
The room is , with a queen size bed for two and very . 
The parking is for the car with a command , in an area where it is almost to find a place for a motorcycle . 
I went to the anniversary with the kitchen table , a couple of days ago , and they have been short . the apartment very and equipped , silences , the pool is and very maintained . we will repeat it . a place to disconnect and relax . 
I would definitely return this hotel and would it to my friends if it is for a few days ... . 
The bed very large and and everything very . 
Friendliness of the staff , and . 
Having to leave the hotel to go to the rooms is an annex , and when you make the reservation you do not know if the room is in the hotel or is the annex . Almost everything , be very close to the center , a buffet for breakfast , very , and value for money , . 
It also eats . 
Very and . 
Hotel to find , located at the entrance to the town Good Wi-Fi parking in the room 
The breakfast , of and quality . 
The receptionist us . 
But overall we liked everything , the location , the facilities , the attention , etc ... especially the buffet breakfast . 
There is not much to say , price and quality more than acceptable . 
The space is very and I invite you to relax . 
We will return without a . 
Ideal place to rest and disconnect . 
Friendly and 
Quiet and with very staff . 
Good location near the beach . 
Very food and service . 
If you fly to Gatwick , you have the direct train 50 meters away . 
The treatment is Excellent , the breakfast and the location 
Located at the entrance of Cadaques , separated from the of the tourists , but next to the streets and alleys that to the of this town . 
Good food 
It is located in the middle of the historic center . 
If I ever come back to Saragossa , I will stay here again . 
I 've heard it at home . 
Good location 
Bed linen and bathroom change her daily . 
The of the staff and the situation . 
The proximity to the center , access by car , the upper terrace overlooking the Cathedral 
Friendliness of the staff . 
From 5 to 8 a small buffet , with a glass of wine included : original , serves to make a . 
Thanks to all the team , we will return . 
I would repeat 
Amiability and very quality price . 
Reception staff very and professional . 
The and above all the cituación of the hotel , are located in the center of the city that gives potential to be able to scroll wherever you want . 
Full breakfast . 
Let 's repeat ! ! 
Have parking 
All renovated and very . 
The rooms are and the beds are and . 
Air conditioning and Wi-Fi . 
The situation is very , centrally located . 
Cozy , central atmosphere . 
Even so , the current price-quality ratio is . 
Spacious and very room . 
Friendly and very staff . 
Renovated rooms and in condition . 
Correct bath 
The situation and that it is to park the car . 
The room was , and with a air conditioning system . 
Friendly service , install them reactions , views , , . Litat and silence ... we 've spent only 2 nights and when we can return , we will be . 
The 'presence ' of Mariscal in the hotel is . 
Treatment of staff , quality and price , location in Puigcerdà Be 
Friendly and staff . 
Treat staff . 
The location near the beach of Arrabassada . 
Breakfast , varied and of quality , next to a and pool . 
The of the place and the well-taken care of that they had the gardens . 
Especially , the and the situation , which allows you to reach , in 40 kilometers , the mountainous areas of the Northern Catalonia . 
The bathroom was and renovated . 
The breakfast buffet menu is varied and of quality . 
The attention of the staff has us a lot . 
The room The The Free covered parking Correct breakfast Staff 
Good terrace 
The enclave where it is is for itself . 
With views to asleep watching and very fulfilled . 
I liked the location and the cleaning of the rooms . 
Hostel location , located close to the whole Romanesque area 
Quiet place without parking . 
Comfortable , , with parking outside the hotel . 
