Exceptional treatment for an place . 
The offer was and its location too 
Even so the spaces are very used . 
Reception person in very . 
Treat very 
Very attention from the staff . 
The situation is . . 
The apartments are very and very new . 
Personally I spent two days , running and running , I spent a lot of time with other runners . 
Joel 's restaurant is a . 
The room and bathroom very . 
Everything was very and the bed was very . 
Very situation to visit the beaches of Pals , Begur , as as the Poble de Pals and the Costa Brava . 
Very staff 
I it ! ! ! 
Very facilities for the category of the hotel . 
What a bed ! ! ! 
The children have been having a time ! ! 
Impeccable cleaning , both in the room and throughout the hotel . 
The situation , very centric . 
The pool area is very large . 
Very situation and facilities ? hotel amenities . 
The situation is the , and the fact that it has a car park . 
There is a selection of very varied products . 
An environment , the home of fantasy and tastefully decorated . 
Pool area very . 
As regards the facilities , the pool is a very environment . 
In general everything has been . 
Recomended 100_ % 
The deal with the owners and the staff is . 
Lunch at the restaurant , very meals . 
Stay Excellent . 
We have been very in the apartment . 
Staff , common areas and breakfast buffet all very . 
The facilities are new and the staff very 
The situation , the staff , the cleaning : very . 
We have spent a weekend at this hotel , it is usually one of the accommodation quality at which we stayed . 
It has a very location , next to the church , inside the village in one of the typical white houses of Cadaqués . 
Elevator mooolt . 
Very internet 
They to us and they were assigned a new room that was very and had 3 beds . 
Very central . 
Nothing special , very new and fully equipped apartments , all very . 
The person at reception who was very at night , responded to us and solved the quickly . 
The Hotel is very central . 
Gardens and common areas very well-taken care of . 
So , everything is very . 
We the attention of the owners ! ! ! 
Q recycle the products from one day to the other , this is always and continue , which was not the case , for example , of the tasty tomatoes ... The reception girl , very , even , we He stayed in a room , because those two days were very young and where we had to sleep , there was a lot of . 
Fantastic pool views . 
Very located in the center of Sitges and a deluxe breakfast . 
We liked everything . 
Immediately they go alone the 
Hotel - place for young people and with an attitude of doing sports . 
The facilities very , 
Very 
Very the menu of the dining room with a very value for money 
Very everything 
I will it ! 
The little kitchen to prepare dinner or breakfast . 
Very value for money 
I was very focused . 
Premium apartment very and with views . 
Very attention of all the staff , and the waiters of the restaurant . 
The value for money ratio is very . 
The breakfast is very complete , the spa very . 
Whenever I go there , the staff is also very and the facilities are very . 
Perfect breakfast buffet . 
The room is very . 
Value for money . 
Upon arrival the reception of the staff was very and at all times we had telephone contact if needed . 
That is very centered 
Very careful environment . 
Very location 
The situation of the Hotel , . 
All 
the location is immillorable 
Pool very maintained , very breakfast . 
The terrace of the hotel with swimming pool , restaurant and pub at night , the views are . 
Definitely very ! ! ! 
Decording very tight . 
Very location , 20m from C-Coso and 3min walk from the Basilica del Pilar . 
But this is very much the hotel . 
A stay 10 . 
The shower very . 
Excellent pool and very staff . 
The deal ! 
The staff is very and the hotel has a location . 
Fantastic 
The breakfast . 
The breakfast and the situation too . 
Breakfast . . in general and a lot of on the part of the staff 
The very room , the bed . 
Very kind ! 
The very bed . 
Very new apartments , decorated , very and located . 
The situation is . 
Very relaxing lounge area . 
Excellent location , facilities and staff very . 
Very the . 
Very practical when traveling with many electronic devices . is fundamental 
Very staff 
Very staff 
The pool is , it is highly if one day the wind is switched on and not long beach days . 
The pool is very to stay for a while . 
Repeat sure ! ! 
Also the pool area is very original and very . 
Overall very service . 
We value it very much that they serve us in Catalan ! 
Wi-Fi in rooms Unbelievable breakfast buffet and service 
The is breakfast . 
The views from the terrace to the Restaurant 
We really liked the treatment received from the staff and the attentions . 
The , the attention of the staff and the ideal location to visit the city ! 
Noise . 
A very 
The situation is execepcional 
Definitely a hotel . 
Very 
The surroundings are , the views of the dining room in the lake are . 
We Cadaqués but we always do day trips . 
I can not say much , we only spent one night , quite , 100 % recommendable . 
VERY EASY TO FIND 
The relationship quality-location-price is ! 
Completely recommendable 
Very staff and information about the city . 
The staff is very . 
Excellent breakfast . 
They gave us a suite instead of a room . double , 
Excellent breakfast ! 
Unbeatable location 
What I liked most are its facilities . 
The city is highly and the hotel too . 
The room is full with more than necessary . 
The breakfast buffet was 
You can stay at lunch and have a menu very priced . 
the situation is . 
The location is ( opposite the Paseo Maritim and 2 minutes walk from the center ) . 
They let us have the parking in the car until after the day and that made us very as we could take of the weather in the morning without the vehicle . 
The room is and the breakfast is . 
The train station is very close . 
The location of the hotel is , and the views from the terrace , . 
Breakfast very varied . 
The restaurant is . 
All the staff very . 
The refrigerator made a lot of and had to switch off at night . 
We have been very 
The location facing the lake is 
Breakfast very complete and very . 
Everything very careful , the deal is very . 
Very central hotel . 
The pool , the bar , the playgrounds , the supermarket , the takeaway ... We have not tasted the restaurant . . 
The view from the terrace is , the church of Sitges and the sea in front . 
Both the apartment and the staff at the reception go by far the mark of more than . 
Very 
Very central and connected . 
The apartment is very , and the views are . 
Very taken care of , the treatment . 
Very situation for walking in the center and in the surroundings of Bilbao . 
The place ! 
Situation of the hotel , staff . . in-improvable ! 
Very and . 
The staff very . 
The facilities are for traveling with children , as as the activities that are carried out . 
Everything very would say that very . 
The location of the hotel is for exploring London . 
The attention of all the staff . 
Keep in mind that it is a 3 star and the services they offer are very . 
Everything very ! 
The treats received in the reservation and upon arrival . 
I liked everything very much . 
All in general : Staff , cleaning , installation . Functions , services ... very . 
The place itself is . 
The very service . 
Very central and very . 
The breakfast is and the very garden pools . 
Ah , and the midday buffet at the pool 
The bed was very . 
The breakfast is very complete , the superior double room is very welcoming 
The price is extremely low compared to those in the area . 
We will be again ! 
As we came from a wedding and we did not want to get out early in the morning for breakfast we were offered a brunch at 12 o'clock with organic products ... a whole discovery ! ! ! 
The house is very . 
The animation and the staff . 
He eats very 
The very treatment , the facilities very . 
The hotel is very , with a very design . 
We found the room one for the expert on the level of the hotel The location is . 
Magnificent pools . 
The farmhouse is very and its surroundings too . 
At all times , they have me very if I needed something or information . 
It also got a lot of money to me . 
Very situation 
I agree , to avoid , but I had not realized it and it was a surprise ... All very . 
Location very close to the Gare du Lyon train station , the service of the staff , the tv And the And size of the bed And the attention and details to the little ones . 
Perfect pool area ! 
I 'm I could not remember the guy who drives the train to the beach , a 10 in and sympathy . 
The treatment of the very staff and the very breakfast . 
the bathroom very 
Metro very close . 
We have gone two years in a row and the they have made have been . 
Very service . 
The attention of the hotel staff is execellent and the of the surroundings . 
The location is . 
The bed ! 
We were very agust . 
It is a very well-kept hotel . 
We are the third year that we are going and we are with the accommodation of the hotel rooms . 
It 's in the middle ! 
The hotel is very , and for the k I paid the one ! 
Very large room and bathroom . 
Everything has been . 
The transfer service of the hotel is very . 
very breakfast 
The facilities at the beach ( bar , restaurant , swimming pool , sanitary areas ) are impoluto and the staff are very , I will make a special mention to Llorenç , always anticipating the needs of the client . 
A very complete breakfast . 
The environment is very and the farm is very maintained . 
Excellent quality-price ratio . 
The is the setting and the landscape . 
Overall very . 
The kitchen is fully equipped . 
The situation is . 
Very location . 
Very 
The situation very close to the Gugguenheim . 
The children have been very . 
Very relationship with reception staff . 
Perfect location 
It is very close to science and natural museums , which , along with the subway , makes children a option . 
We had a really stay in a and place in the lower Empordà . 
Fantastic views 
Very in general . 
The very beds and pillows . 
The very bed , everything very , and a very complete breakfast , in a very place space . 
Very staff 
Next time we will reserve in time because when we return to London we will be staying . 
Very care 
To very 
We will repeat ! 
The kettle for coffee has been very to us . 
Much than we could expect . 
The location of the hotel is . 
The room 's terrace is very for being reading and resting . 
Perfect to rest ! 
Everything very renovated . 
The details , and taste in the distribution makes you feel very . 
Very general view . 
It has been a stay in Cadaqués that I will never forget ! 
Very and very professional . 
The pool very and the views from the room too . 
A stay . 
the reception staff with their explanations and directions . you so much ! 
La Susana , on reception , has been very and has made the stay much more welcoming . 
The situation is . 
Quality price 
The rooms are very 
