The animation . 
The breakfast is quite . 
They charged us more than the agreed price . And especially in the rooms THERE ARE PULGAS . 
Never more 
Although the animation has a bit ... before it was a much more hotel . 
Only point the that the wooden windows so typical of the area to completely 
The rooms are much inferior to a hotel in this category and have many . 
Old hotel , breakfast , cleaning 
The shower , without a plate . 
The lounge bar and the out pool bar is closed , no service . 
Labyrinthine 
The breakfast staff was somewhat , always hoping you were not there long . 
We were three in one room and the truth is that it stayed ENOUGH small . 
The room they gave us I can not convince myself , I 'm used to using Marriott hotels ( and Courtyard of course ) and this may be the scariest of all those that have gone 
The environment has nothing to emphasize , like the hotel . 
Hotel away from the center 
Nothing to do with other resorts in the area ... ... ... 
Dirty , and full of bed 
I did not like the bed , too , of springs , they should put some viscolastica to rest , I have a herniated disc and the bed made me wake up every day with in the back and neck . 
In fact , they do not even bring your suitcases to your room when you check in . 
It is a small hotel at the price of the large hotel complexes of the Mayan Riviera , such as the Iberostar , Bahia Principe , Barcelo , Grand Palladium , etc. , which are much superior and much than the Dreams . 
Food and dinner , to be a 4 star hotel was and there was little to choose from , two first , two seconds and two desserts , a little more breadth of menu to choose from would not anything honestly . 
In the week we were only changed the sheets once , despite seeing the cleaning staff hanging around all day . 
It 's the 
Hotel 'macro ' with two buildings on each side of the street , with a very marked use by business customers makes the relationship with the client the level of personalization that would be expected in a place in that category . 
the hotel me for what is the chain and the rest of the hotels that it has , at least those of the beach . 
in August and September the weekends arrive 3000 ... ... ... `` people '' who leave to be desired ( not to mention ) destroyers in general 
Worse than what they offer 
It ate much in Doña Pepica which is 100 meters away than in the hotel itself and the boast of its buffet . 
The same with the umbrellas on the beach . 
Incapacity of the managers to solve the , A true bridge . 
Being the third time I had gone , they did not find me in the database . 
The is 
Jutito to be a 4 star 
No frills . 
The buffet that I had was quite , at least the breakfast , which is what we did . 
They do not meet the expectations that they announce 
Something to note is that the hotel should have staff to organize the use of the chairs but the people reserve their places with towels and do not allow someone to use them in time . 
I am a customer of this chain 16 years always been very but this year not when arriving at the room the floor was the control of the bed the comment at the reception nobody came , the minibar was not like the previous year nor the gift for being customer cava and spa this year only one to choose nor the bathrobe in the room to go spa like the previous year . ? 
Worse than a pension of the . 
The really beds , they moved and made a lot of , very mattresses and pillows as thin as paper . 
The pool needed painting and my restaurants closed for days . 
The is that they do not put anything to the kitchen or wash dishes . 
The breakfast quite lax . 
Reception under the staircase . 
An experience · but I do not think it will come back 
My mobile was in the bungalow 
I saw it too simple for a Mercure . 
The only thing is , without a , the location of the hotel . 
The hotel management does not show up . 
Regular , could . 
It is in an area far from the center of Barcelona , ​​the connections with the metro are also very far , and in the area there is absolutely nothing for recreation . 
The walls of paper , you could hear everything . 
The day of our arrival we to the reception so that at least they would install a water point , but words but few facts . 
SCARCE SECURITY 
The wait to go to dinner , being a December 8 , , was armed a lot of queue being 8:30 pm and we had to wait a long time to enter . 
You can not expect and it was not a big deal . 
The shower ... without comments ... you could not even bend because it was dwarf . 
In addition , the environment is not the most to go out at night . 
As a point , we were assigned a room on a low floor and the air of the lobby 's air conditioners was heard all night long . 
Narrow stairs and more than the Himalayas . 
Also more , eye . 
Therefore , it may be a bit in relation to the of the room ( 96 euros / night ) . 
Old as Rome ! 
The thing , that they wanted to climb a lot `` to the vine '' and now the prices are for a 4 or 5 star hotel that are not ... 
Dirty hotel 
But from here , everything else was normal 
Unfortunate .. leaves much to be desired services provided with the stars they have . 
A little old in the common areas 
I 'm not completely . 
Problems with the condition of the bed from the first day , the impieza of the non-existent room , the treatment received by some waiters , who to take the drinks to the tables , the pesimas meals and hardly any , the reception staff without any interest in caring for the customer and the theme parking .. in the area and the hotel abusing charging € 9 per day ... ... 
They have serious hygiene in places like the bathrooms that are in the bars surrounding the beach . 
It is a type of hotel that was fashionable 40 years ago and due to its enormous size makes the guest does not have a feeling . 
The `` category '' of the campsite has to be reflected in these cases and frankly we were . 
The distance to the beach is 8 km , it is not a beach hotel , you have to travel by car ( I do not know if there was public transport nearby , although we saw a lot of buses ) . 
The breakfast , self service that was done outside the hotel but in the same street ( no one informed us of the place upon arrival , we had to look for it ) was : coffee , toast , some juice and or butter . 
What a staff , unhelpful and oriented to the foreign client , it seems that we are all obliged to understand them . Apart from how much you do not even want a toothbrush or any other aminity you had a vending machine ... It without pounds logically . It has some edges , very and placed 
I will not go back to this hotel chain . 
There was not much to choose from and there was not for all the people staying at the hotel . 
There are no nightly shows , they are always the ones of animation singing . 
Basic pension 
Breakfast could be , mainly the bread . 
The people who run it , edges and little . 
The part of the case was the attitude of the hotel staff . 
We found the breakfast , so as a , go out and discover the bars around and spend the same on typical food in Madrid . 
Hotel of step located near an industrial polygon . 
Nothing special . 
The normal meal . 
The whirlpool on the roof does not , so it 's just a bathtub 
It is evident the of maintenance ( , sheets ) and the little cleaning they do during the day , the is . 
It has me 
Pretty simple hotel . 
When we arrived the door did not , we managed to get in , and they started to fix it at siesta time . 
Breakfast is not a big deal , and the food is not the home type . 
The of this hotel is the restoration : the room service is very and they do not serve what they have been asked for ( 
Little , . 
The cleaning of the normal room . 
Do not expect much 
Disappointing stay 
The doors were at the bottom . 
I would not it for a holiday as a couple or as a family . 
Robbery in hotel rooms 
Especially for the treatment of the staff , the state of the toilets ( while you shower you are greeted by ants ) and the plastic bungalow , so the heat of 8 in the morning makes you wake up . 
The wifi does not reach the rooms . 
Useless to claim . 
In particular , the selection of room type ( bed , wifi connection ) is not possible . 
Bad stay 
The rooms were old and very . 
Very room service , and regular reception . 
Breakfast is also served during short time : from 6 to 9:30 
The only buts are the television is not flat screen and the marble floor is if you go barefoot . 
Hello we went with a 5 day reservation with full board ( paid in advance ) and we left the room and we could not take it anymore . 
It was a weekend of promotion , although after the season , I think that although it is said to be a four-star hotel , it is not one of the most in this category . 
We traveled in the month of May with a night temperature between 2 and 7 degrees and even being for two days the only customers of the hotel were to put the heating . 
Arriving at there was no concrete indication or accompaniment of personnel to be able to quickly find the rooms in such to the guests . 
We hired a pack for the honeymoon and nothing that we hired , they respected us , no fruit basket on arrival , no internet in the pack that said yes , the room nothing to do with what they offered us , that is , we paid 280 euros more for having the red bracelet instead of blue but nothing afterwards , we made mogollon claims and not even today , the operator who with the hotel fatal and horrible attention . One of the days They had to the pool of how it was , the residents there bathed dresses , etc , etc ... 
They scammed us with the offer 
The thing seemed to me the breakfast : pastry of quality , low quality products in general and with little , supervisor of very waiters and very waiters . 
This hotel was the of our trip 
Continuous from the entrance to the exit . 
There is no closet just a shelf with some hangers , do not try to unpack your bags . 
The area where it was located was to walk at night . 
The staff 
Hotel in condition in the facilities and rooms . 
They do not even change the tablecloth . 
But keep in mind that to sleep you have to wear ear plugs ( or to be directly ) as many rooms , including mine , give La Rambla where there is micho movement until at least three in the morning . 
In this sense leaves much to be desired . 
It does not correspond to a 5 star hotel . 
Average hotel 
We 5 campers . 
this camping the security measures , we a bike and almost felt on the part of the recpecion.NO called the civil guard and we went to the town to put the . 
We had rented a suite thinking about spending it at night in the lounge at least , because the hotel was more a pension than a hotel . 
Early in the morning the room may be a bit `` '' . 
Upon arrival we were treated . 
The tap was and we are still waiting for them to come and fix it . 
Pretty simple . 
The only thing to in our opinion would be that the child to be should share a bed and the beds are not as big as at other beach hotels , as they were 1.05 . 
I expected more from Marriott 
The least I liked is that despite being four stars , had many , for example , did not have a pool . 
To me the bike and went into the autocarabana at night and money , cards , etc ... The response of the camping was null , they were not present when the police came , they were not interested at any time for things , much less by the members of any of the affected families , answers like we can not do anything , my bike was also , etc ... it 's not what you want to hear in these situations . 
Very forgettable stay : and light 
They charged for everything ( air conditioning , wifi ) . 
And you should not forget the masks to cover your eyes because the blinds do not close due to the large air conditioning on the balcony . 
They only have one plug in the room , away from the bed , and another in the toilet . 
Do not go , Decameron of Panama is no longer 
The beds are and , the of the room gives much to be desired , splashes on the wall , hairs on the bedside table and the bed ... The satellite television , the satellite must have , I say , they only saw each other 3 channels and with more sand than there was on the beach . 
The typical decoration of an Ibis . 
The wifi does not either 
The biggest is the hotel staff : the receptionists did not agree and they discussed ( touch your nose ) about what the previous one had told you , the manager of the buffet is 1 ... ... ... not to say another thing + serious that deserves it ( , , and ) and as I do not remember very much the cleaning ladies who as real vegetable growers ( yes , to shout ) about the 7 · 8 o'clock in the morning on knives and + 
There is some of maintenance , especially in the Spa and in the jacuzzi on the terrace . 
If you are looking for a hotel to do activities through it , or to watch dinner with shows , or stay all day inside ... it is not your hotel , because it does not have that kind of facilities . 
I think the capacity of the restaurant is very small and if on December 8 ( there were not that many people either ) it 's like that , I do not even want to imagine how it would be in the middle of summer . 
Unfavorable 
Not to repeat 
The only but are the meals . 
We wanted to see the final of `` Let 's dance '' on TV , but this one seemed to be older than the hotel and it was tiny and it looked terrible . 
Bad to park in the immediate vicinity . 
The service is , we spent a week eating the same , the waiters are salidisimos , everyone wants to get the pasta , in the thematic restaurants it was to book any day , on the beach and the pool to take hammocks , and fumigaban a only once per week therefore all up to bites ... ... ... ... .. 
It could be 
The second morning I woke up with insect bites , I but they did nothing . 
Not for people with reduced mobility , since it has very narrow stairs . 
the beach full of seaweed , the service of the hotel fatal in all aspects , do not the rooms or change the sheets and do not leave towels , we were 3dias without water , at 12 at night they are without alcohol , service an all-inclusive of 4 * sup ! ! ! 
Only its high price , but being the ritz you know what you 're going for . 
There are plenty of stars at the hote . 
The dwarf room , with the and shower in the same room O _ o . Of course , a toilet for the entire hotel , which would deserve to be removed from `` hotel '' to this cubbyhole . 
to put a but , has no parking and you have to leave the car in a parking lot about 300 meters from the hotel . 
There was not a lounge for customers , nor restaurants or bars in the vicinity . 
The stairs of the reception are for elderly or people with reduced mobility , let 's say they are the typical stairs of Holland : narrow and inclined . 
The food is quite basic , the thematic restaurants are not what you imagine , they are very structured with to the tables and do not understand the language , which is usually . 
there are many hotels around do not choose this , I did not believe the comments and short . 
And they argue ! 
Just a little bit at night , since it is very central and there are always people on the street . 
I did not like that the wifi in the rooms is paid and the breakfasts are very . 
I have been 3 times and this last one was the . 
The bathroom reduced , just to shower . 
The cleaning staff shared the same elevator as us , so going up and down the rooms before and after breakfast became a very task . 
The only juice was not natural , which in the cafeteria it was . 
I answer my phone mvl answer me here there is no mvl phone ... says one of them when we arrived the door was open ... to all this I put a claim and the corresponding police report , the director of the hotel was to call me at Next day a week has passed and I have not received any calls I do not this hotel I think they have those 4 stars . 
The areas are 350 m. of the beach 
The hotel is not for a 2 * . 
This time they gave us a room ( 608 ) a bit deteriorated ( the wall of the room needed a coat of paint because it was full of ... kicks ... the headboard of the bed and the fridge door like a world map .. .. spots ) . 
The only is their situation , although , truthfully , it is not something that will reduce many points . 
We booked by mail a room with possibility of exterior , at the end they gave us one on the floor , very small , although within the Amsterdam standards , without wardrobe and only with a TV . 
The only thing I could about is that the bathroom was so so perfumed that my head ... 
The camping Pola is a place not to repeat . 
Poor maintenance , rooms with all kinds of , claims not solved or answered . 
Regular hotel in a area 
Staff should go to citizenship classes 
A little 
Worst of all , it does not have its own garage and parking although it has a special price is a bit for 3 days . 
The bathroom in the room very dated to be a four star hotel without a bidet . 
Pass hotel 
The WIFI is not of quality , just arrives at the room . 
In the dining room it took a long time to the remains of the other guests because there were hardly any staff in charge around . 
Bad communication with the center . 
We were two days without water and the hotel staff did nothing to appease us and did not have any details . 
The was the breakfast , since when arriving all the tables were occupied or , they were to give us one in conditions and the general impression is that everything was . 
For the price there are many ones on the Riviera 
It is a small hotel , without big luxuries and with a service senzillo . 
There is no elevator , what did you think ? 
Apart from that the treatment is unkind and , , they make you the showers with water and full of hairs , and that paying that if you do not pay ... ... I do not know what to do . 
As a , the rooms are not very different from those of other hotels , that is , you pay more to have a room of small size , with a normal bathtub and a cathode tube television 
Type of clientele between regular and . 
They do not comply with the minimum offer price . 
In more than 15 years that I have been traveling with this chain , the hotel in which the treatment , the and the details have been , without a , this hotel . 
Normal breakfasts , with pastries , cereals and without natural fruit . 
The elevator stops between two floors , so you have to go down or up the stairs to get to the room . 
We arrived one weekend in July ( the warmest of those that had been in Vienna ) and the air conditioning did not . 
This hotel needs to a lot 
Finally the wifi a bit regular and the same user , which theoretically lasted 24 hours , as soon as you logged out you access and could not reuse it ( once again , you had to talk to the reception ) . 
We found it a little that they charged the air service ( € 0.50 ) to inflate mats , floats , etc ... Internet connection : € 2.5 ( very ) . 
Difficult to find parking in surroundings . 
I found the only at reception , where the workers were not at all , and it is something that surprises , since they tend to be the in all hotels . 
I do not this hotel to anyone to go with family or friends . 
I stayed in the Villas in a house where you have to pay more , the waitress goes once a day to , has no possibility of any service in the room , it is very far from the hotel services ( swimming pools , beach , restaurants ) , you have to call to ask for a transport up to 3 times so that they to arrive . 
However , do not expect . 
Sometimes they did not the room because we did not have a cleaning schedule . 
The hotel is totally out of date in terms of furniture and facilities . The air conditioning ( only in one room ) made a lot of . 
