Great value of this hotel is undoubtedly its location , next to the Dam Square , the Anne Frank House , 10min walk from the central station . 
The clientele is , but it 's . 
The is very large but organized . 
Located in the center of Madrid , 5 minutes walk from the Puerta del Sol and in the middle of Gran Vía . 
Good views and natural lighting . 
As a personal detail , I 'm about the breakfasts at the hotel , they make the most and croissants I 've ever tasted . 
Very , silence is respected outside of entertainment hours . 
The hotel as all of the chain is enabled for the . 
A hotel , at the height of a four star hotel in the center of Madrid . 
I it 
It also has taxis at the door . 
A hotel with all the amenities 
Excellent hotel at prices 
The experience was very , we a room , with everything necessary for a hotel of this category . 
I will return without a , to see if I take off that thorn . 
We this hotel , its location , its rooms , its staff ( always so and ) . 
At night the hotel has a 24 hour reception and blocks the access door to this giving you the security that only hotel guests have access to , I liked that . 
Good deal . 
They make you feel at home . 
The fridge is , the pillows very and the mattress also . 
From my terrace you could see the pool , views . 
The rooms are very complete and have , minibar , iron service etc ... 
We had 5 very days , the breakfast was varied and , very close to the subway station and the Camp Nou . 
The hotel is located in the center of Florence and close to the central station of Florence , so the situation is ideal , it is 30 seconds walk from the duomo . 
It is a place , with rooms , very lit , with views and even staff . 
The rooms and the normal bathroom and with all the comforts . 
The hotel is very central , on Madrid 's Gran Vía , with access on foot to the most corners of Madrid . 
The common spaces are mentioning , as in all beach hotels . 
Good option next to the new area of ​​Valencia . 
We traveled for the first time to Dominican Republic together with my wife and our 3 children of 27 , 25 and 21 years old , we can say that it was a vacation , all very and of quality , highly restaurants with typical foods . 
The Gran Bahia Principe Ambar , is a hotel that is visiting , for the place where it is located , with a beach , some bars , a very kind and staff , food , restaurants , a place to it . 
Without a it is something to repeat 
It is a place I would return with with all my family and / or friends . 
Good quality / price 
Very hotel facilities , at the height of a resort ! 
a place , . attention · I rescue the service , as as the of its people and the natural environment . We will never forget this trip . I rescue the place , the beach . the of food and the quality . There is always a greeting and vibes from very early on when crossing with the staff . the size of the rooms is . we really liked the spa , it 's a very familiar place and to rest 
Hotel located in the area of ​​new development near the city of arts and sciences . 
Natural juice freshly squeezed , stirred , bacon , etc ... all . 
The wardrobe is large and has a and iron . 
The thing about this hotel is its location , , in the area of ​​Gran Vía , next to the main theaters of Gran Vía , with access to the main visits in Madrid . 
It 's to spend the holidays the truth . 
The house is an old renovated mill , surrounded by greenery and away from any in the middle of nature . 
They had with us the detail of a bottle of champagne ... . they continue to take care of the details in this chain . 
The TV is large and has many channels . 
I was in March of 2004 , in March of 2006 and in March of 2010 but one of them could not find it ... it does not matter , because they gave me my white repeater bracelet . 
Comfortable 
Modern and bathroom , with shower . 
We went to the Musical del Rey Leon , the theater is in front of the hotel . 
Pretty for how they painted it 
In short , a stay in this hotel , an base of operations to visit Barcelona at Christmas ( or the rest of the year ) and passing Barca , if you like football . 
The very appliances and furniture also and we it because it came with kitchen included and we had greater when buying . 
Very and 
The truth is that the hotel was quite , since the beds were , and in a city like Rome the hotel is used only for sleeping . 
Stands out for its to the guest , from the reception , to the bar · restaurant , through its rooms , the pool on the floor or its SPA make you have an stay . 
Having several cafes , confectioneries , several videogame stores , feeding two bakeries and something else that escapes my mind . 
This allows to have less coming from the street . 
My experience in this hotel was very , the treatment very , the breakfast included ( ) very everything . 
Good hotel and spa 
It includes a living room , a large bathroom and a very large room . 
recommendable 
Well , that 's in the center of Madrid , in the middle of its main thoroughfare ( Gran Via ) for all those people who seek to enter the hustle and bustle , the neon lights , the shops at any time and then return to relax in a Hotel that meets everything one can expect at a price and quality . 
Rooms and . 
Like the previous time , he did not us in anything . 
The spas are the of the hotel , without forgetting the room service . 
It has been to be able to sleep in August , and discover an oasis of in the center of Catalonia . 
Good city hotel 
If I go back to Rome , I will stay at this hotel and if someone asks me , I will it . 
The spring is , ideal for hiking , walks on the farm and the area ( for example : the garden of lilies ) . 
The hotel has very facilities including swimming pool on the floor , newly built , maintained and very . 
Great Hotel in the center of Madrid 
It was animated with ambientillo skier but without burdens . 
The pool is discovered . 
Details that make you come back 
Me4 has liked the hotel a lot , the it has after a long day of and use the & lt ; SPA I a relaxing massage dinner and sleep that tomorrow is working ... . 
Good value for money 
They are the example of tourism ; Respectful and into the nature of the environment , at the same time , and very welcoming . 
Super and rooms . 
At first I want to say that when I went it was to forget , but it made me see things differently , I felt and at the same time , it was a few days of attention and above all pampering that was offered to me non-stop 
Good choice 
Although I live in Barcelona , ​​last July I wanted to spend a few days relaxing at the Senator Barcelona Spa Hotel , and it really was a choice . 
The hotel is 3 stars , the rooms are , and . 
the hotel is located and communicated both by road and by urban means of transport , the service and is . It is a hotel that I to everyone that goes to Madrid and with a price . 
The hotel , the rooms , zero ( ) despite the vegetation . 
Perfect for the stay in Rome , near the Termini station , with all the possibilities that it offers , breakfast and very people , highly ! ! 
The breakfast is very , very complete , it has everything . 
Quality / price you can not ask for more . 
The apartments with a very decoration , you feel at home . 
We traveled a week with the family ( children of 3 and 5 years old ) . They were vacation to rest and . 
The minibar with water and pepsicolas and coffee and tea were included . 
And of Tuscany ... that you see it ... and besides the one that is Florence and Siena ... getting in their villages .. 
It is a place where we can to spend a few days of and . · 
Hotel very located to know Madrid . 
We were very because everything is and very . 
Free minibar 
Good value for money . 
They are apartments , and stay in general . I stayed in the omm 2 nights at the weekend . 
The hotel is quite close to downtown , in the Clarence Dock neighborhood ( very close to the river ) . 
And to off a dinner . 
The infrastructure is simply , it seems that you were inside a small and town , it has a small square where from 6 in the evening it is full of life with its shows of varied music and night shows like plays . 
With wooden floor in the room . 
It is one of the most hotels I 've been in , all green with gardens . 
The pool with bar included , the beach very extensive .. and 
I have read other reviews , and unlike the other comments for me the treatment was and , I do not expect to become friends with the reciter . 
Highlight how the room is , and that it has a radio / cd , mini-bar FREE ( without alcoholic beverages ) and the possibility to prepare coffee or tea in your room for FREE . 
I it 
The attention has been quality and the hotel restaurant serves a very meal . 
We it to our friends and one of them is already traveling . 
The beach is less than 1 minute walk away , and the main street where there are shops , restaurants , pubs and nightclubs is also next door . 
The rooms are very , the services and customer service are of the highest quality , very when it comes to serving if something is missing or we need something , reception , finally like at home ! 
It is passing to relax . 
They also pick up your phone at any time if you call from the room to the reception and they treat you with , knowing how to be and with education . 
Good experience 
The rooms are large with bed and big bathroom . 
It is next to a shopping center with supermarket , shops , bakeries , ... 
Unbeatable location ; We have gone on foot to all the places we wanted to visit from the Plaza de España to the Retiro Park . 
It is located next to the train station , and in front of a shopping center , to go to the cinema in moments of relaxation after having toured the city . 
They are very apartments and very cared for , I went for my own reasons but it is for business trips and to spend some relaxing days in Madrid . services and very all 
Cheap option for Las Vegas 
It is the second time that we stayed in it because of its proximity to the bird station and the city of arts and sciences . 
A place ( APARTMENT ) to spend a few days , location , and . 
It is a new hotel , everything is very and maintained . 
The SPA is not and if you have the vip senator , you have access once , courtesy of the hotel 
Hotel and careful . 
We went to the Spa , courtesy of the hotel , and a morning , after a long day kicking Barcelona . 
On the other hand the girl at the reception was extremely and . 
Well-equipped hotel , with Spa . 
Reverve the hotel palladium punta cana and I do not it , I have had a holiday , the reception staff is very professional , they looked after me very , the food of the restaurants is very , the animation entertained , the guys in the bars are very 
I it to everybody . 
Recommendable . 
The food presents a lot of and has some theme restaurants besides the buffet . 
The service and the food are in general . 
It has a out terrace , which makes you forget you 're in a big city . 
The hotel is quite , we were treated and we were given to choose which room we wanted from the ones that were and it was quite . 
Continue with the details such as minibar , coffee service in the room , invitation to the spa for being a customer . 
It is a 5 star hotel that has all kinds of facilities for the whole family . 
We were in a sea view room ... getting up every day and seeing the sea for me is . 
It has a Disney bus stop at the door of the hotel and is . 
hotel highly to visit madrid located in the center of madrid in the via , place by leisure in madrid you can find theaters , cinemas , restaurants , brares etc.las hotel rooms are very bathroom , minibar , and large beds , I am a regular customer of this hotel and I will vovere whenever I can 
The toilets are shared men and women but everything behind closed doors , even the individual toilets . 
The hotel is very and is located in a area of ​​coconut trees on the beach of Uvero Alto . 
Hotel near the AVE station , in half an hour walk you are in the Maria Luisa Park / Plaza de España or the Cathedral . 
The spa 
Friendly and staff , to help . Many details in the room ( coffee maker , minibar , etc . ) . 
It is located in the Gran Vía , from the outside are the typical high buildings with normal apartments , but when going up we were surprised to find this hostel so ! 
Be 
Elegance 
It is also quite close to the center . 
It 's going to this hotel 
Would stay again in future visits to the city of the leaning tower . 
The facilities are very , there is practically everything in the hotel , spa , swimming pools , leisure area with billiards , table football , games for children , bar , orchestra , dance , hairdressing ... . The bathroom was as big as the room with a jacuzzi on the , a dressing room and the bed of almost three meters , with a terrace ... very . 
Located in the heart of the city , it is my choice whenever I travel to Madrid . 
It has quite cheaper prices on its website , than what we have seen advertised in booking pages with very complete offers of ski courses , ski passes and Caldea spa . 
We will repeat if we can .. Very deal . 
Quiet area and connected , many services and amenities , personal service , rooms with Wifi , minibar , coffee maker etc ... 
Very cleaning , and breakfast . 
Full weekend 
My family and I the city of Madrid , the power to go shopping , to tapas , to see a show , and the situation of this hotel is ideal to move around the center of Madrid without having to take the car because everything it catches you by hand , so that whenever we can plan a weekend family getaway we do not hesitate , our choice is : We 're going to the Senator Gran Via 21 ¡¡ . 
highly , during the day I visited several of the destinations near the hotel and in the nights I found several places to go out ... the facilities are very 
The soundproof room , with minibar ( 4 bottles of water and 2 of Pepsi ) , flat TV , mini-stereo , iron and ironing board , coffee and tea bags with milk capsules , etc ... 
Few children . 
It is located less than one block from the subway , 10 minutes walking to the Trevi fountain and 15 minutes to the Colosseum . 
The Hotel has it in front of the beach , the rooms are , and and the organization of pool , bar and common areas is very practical . There are two Jacuzzis in a solarium with views of the beach and Peñíscola . 
A city hotel and very located 
As a Privilege client you have a room with all kinds of drinks ( including alcoholic drinks ) , assorted pastries and nuts . 
There is a bus stop at the door that directly to the center . 
The facilities quite : , room overlooking the giant roundabout where it is located . 
Acceptable 
I would it to friends , couples , families , etc . The jaima would be a curious place for a honeymoon or different getaway . 
It 's outside of Siena but not far away . 
Typical Melia style hotel , located in a central place , ideal to visit any point of Madrid , bus conbinations , subway . 
It was very the hotel served the beds the comiga I the bathrooms as it serves you and everything more to spend a week with friends in Madrid I liked a lot 
The distance from the hotel to the beach allows you to go walking if you do not have a cart option for transfers . 
A hotel with all the comforts , with a very careful and varied in activities . 
Next to the Père · Lachaise cemetery . 
Comfort in the heart of Madrid 
The rooms were , they are spread out in different houses . 
The hotel is located next to the Camp Nou and very close to a subway station and in front of a bus stop , in case you do not want to take the car . 
The room had all kinds of amenities and we were very with the treatment we received from the staff . 
The room looked out onto a very interior patio and it was a not to hear a single , we slept as it keeps the temperature very and we did not have to leave the air conditioning running all night . 
We spent the night of August 20 , 2012 at this hotel , we chose it for its proximity to the soccer stadium of the boat , in terms of the location , the hotel staff and , the facilities very , care and maintenance , definitely a hotel in Barcelona . oh and the buffet breakfast 
Ideal for meetings in the southern part of Barcelona . 
A and hotel with very service . 
In order some apartments to and a most and stay . 
I really it , 
Between the bathroom and the bedroom there is a glass wall ... . very detail if you travel as a couple , if nothing happens , there is a . 
A very hotel , for spending holidays , honeymoons or going with the family . They treat you very , the rooms and the view are and there are many possibilities to spend time ! 
I was by this hotel , the rooms have confor , air , I felt like in my house , because they do not put brasaletes , as other hotels do , there are different restaurants , the big pool and very , I liked the treatment , I wish to the men and women who in that hotel , they do a job , 
Also note the breakfasts , with sausage and bread from the area , as as very homemade cakes and pies . 
In general very and the neighborhood where it is located is a simple neighborhood and habits . 
The thing about this hotel is the location . 
It has an outdoor pool and solarium , due to the weather that it did in October , I was able to a bath and the rays of the sun . 
The tram is in front of the hotel and the train station is a five-minute walk away ( Hackerbrücke ) 
They put us an extra bed next to the big bed . 
It has a gym but I did not use it . 
Hotel located in a very area very close to the Camp Nou , close to the subway stop to go anywhere in Barcelona , ​​with garage , hotel very and , the detail of having water and juice reception is very 
It has a very combination to know any part of Barcelona in public transport . 
There are a lot of staff and they are all very and professionals . 
Very differentiated areas , on the one hand the dining room , , and with a huge window . 
Yes I would it . 
The stay at the Hotel Las Arenas was to go to have with friends and that children also have a time , both going to the beach and with the service that there is to serve the little ones . 
Good relation quality · price if what you are looking for is simply to spend a night in Valencia . 
The hotel is very central , you can go from there to all the central places of Madrid ( we did not take any public transport and that we were with a small child ) . 
Recommended and 
The hotel is , in the center of the city and gives you the option to the theater , shopping and tapas bars . 
The staff , separate paragraph , always ! 
hotel very located so much to see the city , since it has as much line of bus as of subway near and to see the soccer , since it is next to the camp nou . treatment of the staff . I because hotel relation quality price . 
Room with all the comforts plus large Grohe shower , separate toilet , two robes , stereo and 3 pillows per bed . 
For short trips it 's 
The deal with the hotel staff , then once you pay ... no longer so much . 
Many of meals , drinks and above all treatment . 
7 days we had a total relax . 
The hotel , in general terms , was not that ; total , for the minimum time we spent there ... We were looking for a more or less central and near the metro and , that did . 
Very views and a lot of . 
Very hotel , it is visiting 
Recommended for anyone who wants to disconnect from the pace of the city . 
Very if you have a car , to know Seville and a stay . 
Its proximity to the City of Arts and Sciences has made our stay much easier . 
Very and , quite everything . 
Repeatable 
we stayed in an apartment overlooking the lake , which gave us sunsets ! 
For the children they put a large extra bed and still there was a lot of space . 
You also have a shopping center next to an alcampo to buy the food there and take it to your studio . 
like all the hotels in the senator chain , a to stay in them .. everything is attention and the rooms are very . with coffee maker and everything you need ... they are marabrinose .. 
The rooms were , the beds neither big nor very small , and the bathroom very . 
It has a of restaurants in the area for dinner or a drink . 
Recommended to visit the center or go shopping . 
A for nothing overcrowded in which the service is the . 
It is in front of the terminal 3 of the airport and has a shuttle service every half hour . 
So we were arrowed , and for about 35 euros per head we slept , and we could know the mysteries of the nearby ( 0.5 km . 
It has an staff , cleaning service ... 
Crowd of bars and restaurant in the surroundings and nightlife . 
The hotel is , for the price you pay , location near the Santa Maria Novella train station , 
The rooms are , , functional , with flat screens in all rooms , , pillow menu . 
Free Wifi in the room . 
Very staff , allowed us to do late checkout since there was no reservation for the room at no extra charge ; They also keep the bags after checkout if one asks for it . 
The bathroom and the shower are 
Finalizing its remodeling 
Something to keep in mind is that they have a guarded parking lot around the corner of the hotel for 24 euros a day 
In the area you have several restaurants , all services and connected . 
The minibar ( water and pepsicola ) and a small coffee maker were , as was the WIFI connection and the . 
Congratulations to the Playa Senator chain for the acquisition . 
A couple of minutes walk ( next to the bus station ) there is a Lidl in case you need to buy something last minute . 
Good site 
The truth is that as long as I have stayed I have had a and stay . 
Good hotel and big city 
All the rooms we had had natural light . 
But there were buses in front of the hotel and taxi rank . 
The personal service is very and the hotel has and rooms . 
The service is quite since they care that your stay is . 
Peaceful hotel 
Once you leave the room you have an exclusive area with hammocks so that you do not have any of location . 
In addition to an price and according to the features they offer . 
The location , at the entrance of the duomo square , we visited at night and for the day at the time we wanted the pisa tower , baptistery , cathedral ... it is a very place . 
We the Spa which is very , the breakfast is also . 
The hotel is located , the rooms are and , ours overlooked a Zen interior courtyard . 
I liked being in that hotel . although we were only 2 days , we went for personal things , if I could in another next time I would visit again ... it feels very , but I always say the same thing as we all play and some others in that moment there could be some , ... so I always the opinions of others . 
Despite being located on a main street in the city , it is a and place . 
Calm and clientele in general . 
There are also several buses that leave from the Gambetta square to reach the center and the most attractions of Paris . 
Mostly . 
There is a bingo where you can dine , a McDonalds and a kind of flea market also quite close . 
The beds for a hotel of its category : large , ( also pillows ) and . 
I it for executives 
If I had to put a note I would put a 9 and this hotel . If I have to go back there I will not hesitate to repeat 
Ideal also for those traveling with children and animals . 
You can go on foot to the most touristic places in Madrid . 
The rooms , very and with every , with coffee maker , stereo , pillows to choose from . 
Still highly , it is a five-minute walk from Bayside and the American Airlines Arena . 
We are from Ecuador . We stayed in a block a bit far away but it was our decision and it was that way since with the food they serve the you can do after eating is to walk , the gardens / landscapes and breathe the air Fresh from the beach . 
Once again I have stayed at this hotel , I have observed some changes , as they now have flat screen TVs . 
It 's a place 
One pass 
The location is very if you are going for business , as it is very close to the Forum and also has a nearby metro stop that connects you to the center of Barcelona in 20 or 30 minutes . 
It has a jacuzzi and solarium on the roof , with views of Madrid . 
Serious and responsible people ! 
The beds are reclining with which you can watch TV or read inclined . 
The rooms with two big beds , new and with minibar . 
I it to anyone who wants to go to Seville . 
The room is soundproof , with minibar ( no alcohol ) , flat TV , iron ... 
Highly to go with family . The neighborhood is and has nearby supermarkets and restaurants . 
Excellent location in Rome , near many tourist spots . 
The , the views from the roof , where the pool is , . 
Good situation 
Very staff and of activities for all ages . 
Comfort and very location 
Also as a additive they have a small SPA ( they leave your slippers and bathrobe of charge in the room ) and allow companion dogs . 
They provide towels in both sectors , pool and beach . 
Also , the area is quite 
They have a deal with clients and they look after you . the rooms are not and he sleeps . 
I would it without a it is a hotel located , with facilities and with a very and competent staff . 
Very new hotel with family 
In addition to the facilities , cleaning , rooms , gardens ... I highlight , especially , the food , the attention of the staff and the treatment of the Director . 
In my point of view , these apartments are and if you want to spend a few days relaxing with your partner , being able to privacy , , and company , with lighting and facilities . 
A lodging option to go to Disney 
Excellent location in downtown Madrid , 5 minutes walk from the Plaza del Sol and close to the Metro stop of Line 5 , Gran Vía . 
The treatment of hotel workers is very and the rooms are quite . 
It is located in the center of the city , with all the tourist attractions around you ( El Pilar , for example ) , and places to have a drink . 
Elegant and relaxing 
I was surprised that nothing is heard at the hotel , neither the highway nor the airport can really rest . 
The room was very , we were traveling with a child and we had a sofa · bed that fit in the room . 
The room faced the sun but they are very insulated with shutters which made it very and . 
In reception a detail very to are the two jugs with juices . 
What is in the milibar is of charge and you have a kettle with different coffees and infusions . 
Good camping , family , care and with services . 
There is a lot of and all the dishes are very . 
Close and staff 
A hotel that offers what it sells . 
They have a more than breakfast buffet , with . 
As for the breakfast buffet , it is very complete and varied . 
The thing about this hotel is without the customer service ! ! 
The people are very kind and . 
We liked it a lot and we would it without any . 
Clean and beds . Its location to access the center is very . 
The space in the room was . 
Personalized attention 
The attention was and the room 
In the center of Madrid , the room was and , hotel and treatment . I stayed on a business trip and everything was . I arrived very early ( at 10 a.m. ) and had already prepared a room . 
Ideal for urban getaways . 
The stay was and I did not anything at the time I was there . 
The proximity of public transport · bus and metro to the door of the hotel · is one of the factors to be highlighted along with the quality of the service . 
Pleasant and professional staff . 
Hotel central and priced . 
It is located 15 minutes walk from the Piazza dei Miracoli . 
If we go back to Madrid we will not hesitate to stay there again . 
Bienn 
Cleansed 
Only 4 · 5 subway stops from the train station . 
The breakfast is very , homemade bread , pastries , eggs , ham , cheese , homemade jams , honey , etc ... Without a an quality price 
We like this hotel very much because it is located in a very central area , the attention of its staff is very and the of its rooms . 
Facilities more than acceptable ; Animation team , totally delivered ; exhaustive cleaning ( sometimes , up to 2 times a day ) , with change of towels also up to 2 times daily ; with people of all kinds , newly married couples , groups of friends , families ... very diverse environment . 
The rooms are , they have a plasma TV , a small refrigerator , air conditioning and WIFI . 
Fairly 
We will repeat . 
We stayed at this hotel because it had a price and it was located to go to Oberursel , where the concerts of the Hessentag 2011 were held . 
Hotel , very located , views to the via , close everything , main square , door of the sun , via , museums , theaters , very attention , breakfast very , and the habiataciones with way views , cleaning . 
Good stay , trip rests 
The room is attached to the house , with independent access to the garden and the pool . 
Menu for celiacs agreed and controlled by the association . 
A place and secluded from the city , the food is and the rooms also , has a bus line nearby to go to nearby places and employees are very . 
Despite this last , I it . 
A hotel with class 
Big and . 
All in the same place 
In the hotel , the workers are very aware of you and they are even kind and when you talk to them . 
I liked the hotel much more than I expected . 
Nice place to rest 
To get from the airport , the Tirso de Molina stop that connects to the airport line is very close , and a 15-minute walk away is the Atocha station . 
We feel very taken care of , the hotel is to travel as a family . 
The views from the rooftop , with two Jacuzzis . 
For the price of the room is just the service received , since the accommodation in Amsterdam is generally quite compared to other European cities . 
In our next trips to Madrid we will use this hotel that we already knew from previous occasions . 
5 minutes walk from the train station / intercity bus stop . 
Views over the canal as we requested in the reservation . 
Easy choice for the next visit to Rome . 
My girlfriend and I went on vacation to Spain and we stayed a few days in Palma , the experience was the I the climate of this city and thanks to the fact that the hotel has all the facilities and services we could to the fullest . 
Good deal and Hotel 
Correct at all , if you travel to see the barça 
Hotel located near the station , and also close to the city center and the tourist area . Subway station next to and connected with buses and trams , and public bicycles for the bravest . Good staff treatment and quite welcoming . 
Good service , everything very and . 
Located in front of a paradisiacal beach in the urbanization of Nusa Dua . 
The apartment was large , with a double bed and a sofa bed , a full equipped kitchen and a large bathroom with bathtub . 
If you have to walk uphill , but it is very little time and the slope is not pronounced , in fact , Calella is a hill , so I do not know why some ! 
It is for babies , since it has a room with all the services that may be needed . 
The rooms are and because you can not hear any from the big road . 
I can not say anything against , the staff from the management to the last employee make you find in a very atmosphere , the , and rooms , anyone wishing to help you and the hotel spaces and 
Comfortable apartments 
On the terrace of the hotel there is a pool , nobody sees you from outside and you can bathe and sunbathe in total . 
The situation of the hotel is outside urban nuclei , this makes nature has its maximum value . 
Excellent hotel with Sofitel service and quality . 
everything is decorated with an taste , and has everything you need . The photos that appear on the web , and exactly show how the apartments are . 
The hotel is , the facilities are rooms with air conditioning , friobar , terrace , queen beds , desk , small room . 
The Nh Eurobuilding hotel is one of the hotels of Madrid . 
It is a small , design hotel , where all the details are taken care of with an quality · price ratio . 
The breakfast is , with and quality of products . 
Many Garcia , have made us spend a weekend . 
The Hotel itself is not at all , treatment , stays and food . 
This is one of the vacasiones that ice is also and there is nothing . 
They treated us like at home , very to any or need . 
The hotel is located about four blocks from the Arc de Triomf station and about three from the Marina stop . 
You have access to the public transport of the city ( buses , Metrorail and Metromover ) . 
Comfortable hotel in Barcelona 
It also has internet service in the room or . 
Well the hotel was not , it was and 
The hotel has undergone a in the last year . 
The thing about these apartments is above all their price , we get a offer through the internet . 
It is a hotel located in the middle of Gran Vía , very close to Puerta del Sol , and is ideal for getting to know the city . 
The dinners with a lot of , there was a lot of quantity and quality . 
Pleasant days 
Quiet location but in less than 10 minutes walking you get in the Duomo . 
But it was a room and we rested 
I really it to everyone . 
The hotel has eight floors if I remember and a large number of rooms , cleaning is and breakfast buffet . 
Then you can go by bus or walk to the center of the city . 
Best of all the situation , with several theaters nearby , bars etc ... 
the hotel is . It has a kitchen and fridge for , so it is not necessary to spend money at the hotel . 
It is possible to be reached walking from the Urgell bus stop of the airport ( about 10 minutes ) , so it is easily . 
The hotel covered all the needs . 
Very and with beds . 
The double room in which we stayed was quite , and . 
The reception is ( as is the breakfast room ) and the staff more than . 
A place to forget about and the landscape , silence , the open air and many possibilities ( besides , a few kilometers away we have the beach ) . 
that the hotel is very has a view it treats you very the restaurant is the food you make it as you want without any this hotel is highly if you want to make a family vacation : D 
The truth is that it is a very hotel , of quality and I will go back to that hotel to go as a family , as a couple , it has close metro and bus stations , in conclusion a very hotel . 
The bathroom is . 
Practical and functional 
Very in all aspects , very , it has details that please , such as the mini bar ( non-alcoholic drinks ) and the liquid heater in the room so you can make coffee or infusions . They replace it daily . 
Quality price and in the center 
Nice hotel in Madrid 
It is a hotel located near the Camp Nou , nearby there are several bars to up and the Mario house bar where you eat . 
the location is , transport , first line beach and plenty of restaurants and entertainment nearby . 
We have gone from Friday to Sunday with my two children and the stay very , and is attached to a shopping center with cinemas and restaurants . 
The entertainment service and pool . 
Hotel very located in the middle of Gran Via . ideal for shopping , tapas by the many bars in the area and go to a musical , you can go walking to the door of the sun to be a busy area , or by metro to be next stop , the hotel has a spa to relax after an exhausting day . 
It was that the location is very with access walking to the center of Madrid , but I thought it would be the place where it is located and therefore or silence . 
A whole pack of practically without moving . 
I only have words to describe the hotal and the staff . 
The subway is 50 meters down just one street . 
The hotel is close to the Termini station . 
We have it to everyone we know , and we will certainly repeat it . 
The room and with air conditioning . 
The size of the room and the bathroom is large , and the bed . 
I the hotel for couples 
the hotel is very good.good quality relation.centric.good breakfast and rooms.dispose of transport service to the airport . located next to plaza cavour , area from which numerous urban buses are taken . you can walk to any point monumental city . 
The car leaves it in the parking lot , because it is from the vip beach club they do discount , it is not necessary to go by car to see the city . 
room , huge large and also did not any detail , had a coffee maker , ironing board , of course this and an iron , capsules coffee maker , mini bar . The pool with yacuzzi included.Genial I it . 
We have felt taken care of by all the staff and the facilities were in condition according to 
Well located , between the station and the main monuments of Pisa . 
One of the it has is that it is located near the Diagonal del Mar shopping center , and a few meters from the beach . 
The hotel is in the final part of its remodeling , the bathrooms have been changed and the balconies of this hotel have been into the rooms inside the room . 
Regardless of experiences and feelings that each one may have , I really liked that in an all-inclusive hotel that one travels to try to move as little as possible , you have many options inside ... swimming pools , tennis courts , kids club , SPA where you opt for hydrotherapy , facial and body treatments , thermal baths ... An area for fitness and aesthetics ... One last truth for those of us who like so much the world of relaxation and ... very , treatment , room , meals ... 
Relaxation and wellness site 
Quite , I stayed 4 days and if I went back to Milan , I would definitely return to this hotel that I 100 % 
In the interior you can see every floor of the hotel designed by a designer , such as Zaha Hadid , Javier Mariscal , Victorio and Lucchino ... even the restaurants or pubs are . 
The hotel is located in the middle of the Strip , so its location is ideal . 
The reception and the people 
If you are looking for a place to sleep , it is a place . 
From the hotel you can see the Camp Nou , so if you are a fan you can stay and go on foot in 5 minutes . 
I will go back again when I go to Seville 
We found the cleaning of the room very and a and careful bathroom . 
Breakfast above average in hotels of that price and in those cities , very varied and , a to go down to breakfast with little time . 
For children , many trees , natural space , direct access to the beach . 
The area is very as you are in front of the beach , and the occupation is 90 % German and at the time we were almost all older people / 3rd age ... but very because we were looking for . 
Around there are many shops and supermarkets , eg to buy basic products ( water , etc . ) , as as places to have breakfast . 
Nothing for the place where it is and the amenities it offers . 
Beautiful beach 
In the rooms you have all kinds of details such as a coffee machine with its capsules , an clock with speaker to put your smartphone , etc . Also when you get up for breakfast and come back , the room is already done , as as after taking a nap . 
To repeat . 
The hotel is located near the metro which facilitates mobility , and it is also possible to park the car near the hotel without being controlled by the town hall . 
I it as it is very central , facilities even your cafeteria . 
The rooms are very large with sofa · relax and lighting . 
Good atmosphere and service 
In addition , the minibar , wifi and is included in the price and is something to because it is not very usual . 
The rooms are , and the whole hotel is very , everything . 
Our stay there was more than , we felt at home , as family . 
The rest to repeat . 
The hotel is 5 stars , and the truth is that it deserves them . 
In addition , I also value the fact that the hotel staff spoke Spanish . 
I thought it was a hotel , taking into account the services provided , moving around is not and making weather will be very to walk with the child , from what I have seen on the hotel page you have next bus stop No . 80 that It until after 12 midnight and takes you to the beginning of the Champs Elysees , passing by the Soul Bridge and the Avda . 
Both the spa and the massage were very relaxing and . 
In August it is and it is high season , but there is a swimming pool in the attic and with the air conditioning it is not noticeable . 
Well located , to locate , service . 
If you go by car , it is a option and the train that comes from the airport is two tram stops from the Sloterdijk station . 
In the heart of the city with facilities . 
And among the views we must highlight the glass walkway that has its floor , from which you can pass and see a few meters high the ground , and the landscape . 
The hotel is very located , with communication to go to the center of the city and , at the same time , in an area with a little atmosphere . 
The hotel is an , and attention to 100 % and its price is adapted to what they offer . 
The room that they gave us is very , it had a small living room , it had views of the road and it is soundproof . 
Surprising choice 
It has WIFI that very and a small SPA area . 
The plots are and with lots of shade . 
Everything very and taken care of . 
Satisfactory stay in every way 
Recommendable hotel in the center 
We the hotel is located throughout the center of Madrid with what the offer of leisure , gastronomy , culture , etc . is and then what to say about the staff , the facilities , ! We will certainly be repeating soon 
The staff is , very and to all the needs we had during the visit . 
Good comunicated . 
The location of the hotel is and it is located between the Plaza de Callao and Plaza España . 
In full way ! 
It has everything you need and above all , what us the most : access to the center of Calella de Palafrugell and the beach on foot . 
Very hotel in the center of Madrid 
Thanks for everything , we will return and it to our friends . 
We also highlight the of the rooms . 
Abundant food and for all tastes . 
I think the theme of the wifi and that admás very . 
The : the amplitude of the reception and rooms , the silence at night , and the murmur of the water in the fountains inside and outside . 
Quality for non-demanding people 
In general , we this hotel . 
The hotel was as newly renovated , everything new , very careful to detail . 
The atmosphere is very and the room very , with quality in the dream and details such as coffee maker and minibar ( water , pepsi , juices ) ; It also had wifi connection in the room . 
The hotel has a shuttle service on request . 
A hotel that takes care of the service , to know Madrid , location . 
A combination 
The clients of the PlayaVip Club are given a Spa session per person of charge . 
The direct flight from Buenos Aires and the later check out adapted to the departure time allow us to our vacation to the fullest and have a rest . 
Luxury Red Level service with lounge access with Moet Chandon , canapés , other drinks , press , etc . A very highly hotel with a location . 
Good hotel to visit Madrid 
Hotel 
Hotel with design , very central . 
Comfortable 
Our room , and I think the vast majority of the hotel , had a balcony that overlooked the hotel 's interior garden and terrace . 
Next to the Plaza del Sol and close to Metro stations and bus stop . 
Ideal to spend a weekend of sightseeing in the capital . 
The attention of the staff , surrounded by gardens and of meals and restaurants . 
The price was a offer 
Avant-garde decoration 
In the room there were no at night , absolute silence , and that was a first , we it very much after getting to tour the city . 
I was with a stay that included only breakfast , so in my opinion the breakfast they put is not at all . 
The service is very and the price is to the quality , although without any type of offer it is not . 
In short , we left of our stay . 
Elegant and familiar 
It has an location , just 5 minutes walk from the Termini station , where different trains and buses arrive from the two airports of the city . 
Gift of a bottle of champagne upon arrival . 
The thing is your situation , close to everything there is to see in Madrid . 
Hotel and . The staff is very , always to help us with any questions or needs . 
I Senator chain hotels 
The employees are mostly bilingual which makes the stay in the hotel more than practical . 
It has a buffet restaurant for both breakfast and dinner ( I was in half board ) with a of food ( one day played Chinese food and another day Mexican food ) For breakfast you can also do it a la carte in a separate restaurant with a very personal and . 
The rooms are , and quite . 
Breakfast is the and most varied in Helsinki ( I start the day with a feast of smoked salmon and herring ... ) . 
Good Hotel 
Being valencia is not very to find where to take something , less than 100 meters from the room there is something to choose from . 
to rest or have is , for all tastes . 
The hotel is , especially in the summer season as you can a terrace with jacuzzi on the roof of the hotel and views from the . 
A and hotel in Paris 
The room was very and equipped . 
I liked 
I had the opportunity to meet the Senator chain when I traveled to Almeria and the experience was so that my name and name were recorded to both my family and me . 
Excellent stay , a . 
The access is made by a corner on Calle Carmen , not on the same door of the sun , which gives you an to access and avoid the bustle of people in this place . 
It 's 
Hotel Paris in Encamp , Andorra , and 
Pleasant stay at the Torre Catalunya 
Nearby metro and nearby businesses . 
I it to everyone because they treated us very , the staff was very close and , from the reception to the restaurant and the bar , all a ten . 
The staff is very and with the customers . 
Hello friends , I have stayed several times in this hotel for business reasons . It is very located to be in the center of Madrid and to be able to access the same center walking . Good quality hotel , very price and staff . It has a service and mini bar . 
We spent a few days , the hotel is , the guys had and my husband with the gym and spa , and I with a book on the beach , in this hotel space and activities for all the to go in family 
The breakfast was not . 
Although I was only there one night I will repeat , it was a very relaxing and stay , to go to the Spa each person has his bathrobe . 
The hotel had quite rooms and it was . 
Good hotel 
It is close to Warner Park and it is a town and there are not too many immigrants , although there are many in Madrid and you have to be careful in the metro with your suitcases because there is a lot of foreign criminals . 
I my expectations of and 
A hotel for a weekend with atmosphere and close to Madrid within a short distance to avoid the traffic of the city . 
Nice , service and breakfasts ! 
Quiet zone . 
The bar to take what you want at any time , with its armchairs , its terrace next to the pool ... . 
We decided to stay in these apartments because of the proximity to Disneyland , just one RER stop . 
I it to all the people who go through the city is and very I hope you will be 
Very hotel , and we will return 
Everything , very , the food is really , the gazebo by the pool has everything to the customers ! 
Good value for money 
For the price that cost us was not , it is that you know where you are going and the quality that there are some of these sites , however I it to spend a few days of relaxation with the couple or family , 
The room very and , I liked the stereo . 
I would go back 
The service contracted includes breakfast , with , restaurant staff , a , and at the reception very . 
The hotel is located in the of via , near theaters , cinemas , shops , restaurants and is one step from the sun , the main square and if you do not have a subway entrance just outside the hotel door . 
The first in a standard room that I found really with a huge marble bathroom . 
The treatment of the staff was careful and very , check-in and check-out were quick and without any kind of 
If you go in this plan the hotel offers various activities of animation for both adults and children . 
The beach of this hotel is because it is almost double the extension above the average of the hotels in playa del carmen . The hotel has extremely staff that can resolve if you a key , a towel , if you are looking A specific type of food , if you are looking for a doctor or of that type , the hotel is porto the height . 
Everything you need half an hour from the center . 
ideal to visit Madrid very central and with a metro stop at the door , in front of the theater where the lion king and with a couple of jacuzzi on the roof where you can relax after a day walking in Madrid . very beds 
The last day we had breakfast included and the truth is that there is a lot of , everything was very and it is buffet style . 
I the neighborhood , it is full of restaurants and cafes and small shops . 
They were also very in the reception facilitating the LATE check out since our flight left at the end of the afternoon and to be able to nap before it is much . 
The breakfast buffet is simply , you can find everything , literally . 
Good and area and with 24h reception . 
You have to a step and without need of public transport , restaurants , shows , urban tourism etc . 
I will be back 
Cozy and central 
As always , the treatment was , the rooms renovated and very , and the breakfast was . 
I have already been several times with my partner in this small hotel , which is located in the center of León , on the Calle Ancha . 
Centric and 
We stayed 4 days and we left very , the lunch service ( very complete ) , the and rooms , the very kind employees , in short , it is a hotel that we have reference if we want to return to Leeds to visit this city . 
There was a in the closet at no charge . 
The ... the chocolate fountain . 
The food is and everything is designed for family . 
Second stay and , without thinking , if we return to Madrid , we will repeat . 
The room was cleaned and had a bathroom . 
To start I will tell you that because I was a member of the PlayaVip Club , they offered me a room with a terrace with views of Gran Via , and they gave us a entrance to the spa . 
The hotel is to all people who like to be served . 
These 4 days we have rested and thanks to the food , beds and of the hotel owners . 
Also to the train station . 
Spacious , and rooms . 
What I liked the most was the buffet for both breakfast and dinner . 
That 's what I call a Hotel with class ( and to repeat ) 
The receptionists advise you a little about where to go and which metro line or bus line to go to the destinations . 
We liked it 
all as we expected , of thematic restaurants and to move around the hotel , cleaning and maintenance . 
Pleasurable trip 
I went with the knowledge that it is a 4 star hotel and for that reason I knew it would be a hotel and it has been , the service is very cordial , and . 
The hotel is a couple of blocks from the Cuzco metro and 20 minutes from the airport by taxi . 
The rooms are , the furniture is and functional , they have flat screen tv , satellite , . 
The breakfast is very and varied , the facilities are 
The location is near the Linate Airport . 
( Plaza de España is about 5 · 7 minutes ) and Puerta del Sol about 15 on foot . 
One of the reasons why I stayed here is that the Europcar office is inside the hotel . 
It was a most stay , an and service that we will return to next year , although of course that depends on the and if there is any offer , of course . 
Hardly , located and a deal . 
Good rooms I it . 
The wifi is and and the bathroom is 
The room despite the size bed . 
However , the hotel is in general . 
The rooms are large and , the design follows a line , the staff . 
The rooms are , and very equipped . 
Very close to the rooms that can be walked and a and . 
With quality · price ratio , the hotel is . is about 500 meters from the beach of Gandia . 
The owners are very kind and people who will be to help you in whatever is necessary .. 
I found a and a minibar 
It has many shops around and also many restaurants to eat . 
Central , , . 
Very Hotel in the center of Madrid 
hotel located next to the camp nou with public transport in front of the hotel that leaves you in all the tourist places of Barcelona , ​​the hotel as all senators SUPER COMFORTABLE rooms , bathroom znas common , if I go back to Barcelona I will not hesitate to stay another time there 
I have been to this hotel and I really liked it because I expected something for that price , the sheets were totally and new white . 
The hotel has an location to get to know Madrid , a few steps from the Puerta del Sol , you can visit Atocha , visit the Plaza Mayor and the Mercado de San Miguel walking . 
The hotel is located in the via one of the main arteries of madrid , 5 minutes from almost the entire Prado Museum , the Plaza Mayor , the royal palace next to musicals , plays , discos . party halls and cinemas is all at hand what you save by taxi , subway and public transport , and there is a of restaurants in front there is a Mc donal and cafeteria and bars is very connected to the radio at the entrance of the hotel there is a subway stop and being in the via the rooms are soundproofed I volvere 
I would it without a for a trip in the same conditions , that is , for a weekend . 
The roof with two jacuzzis in which you can see all of Madrid . The SPA is conditioned . 
Quality price relationship the I 've seen . 
Madrid center 
The the waitress at night , very and , a 10 for her , the of the hotel . 
Good ubication 
Easy access from the airport , first a train to Barcelona · Sants and then 3 or 4 stops by metro so you save the taxi . 
My room was and the staff was quite . 
Totally for its price and strategic location 
Correct staff 
It is a 4 star , is located at the end of the beach of Peñíscola , so you have in the area and Peñíscola at 5 · 10 minutes by car along the promenade ( Avenida del Papa Luna ) . 
The parking is . 
We will return 
An experience to repeat 
the attentions are formidable meals and for all the tastes , the and extremely facilities that is very . 
The truth that it is booking half board . 
The hotel is located in the center of Zaragoza , two steps away from the Basilica del Pilar , ideal if , like you , you are planning to visit the Roman , museums and palaces . 
Simple but very room with bathroom with amenities 
You have the metromover one street away and many shops in the vicinity of the hotel . 
Everything to make it so special , its people , the environment , the company and also the hotel , very and . 
Easy access to the Complex 
The new breakfast a la carte the expectations and above you can have breakfast outdoors since they have put a terrace at the exit of the restaurant . 
Good deal , hotel situation . 
It was only for a weekend and a night , but the result with to this hotel was , basically because of the and professional treatment of the staff . 
The stay at the hotel was really and fulfilled what we were looking for . 
Cozy 
The hotel is located , close to the Plaza España metro . 
hotel with qualities and services to customers . Recommended especially for couples seeking and relaxation away from the hustle and bustle of the city . of the I 've been . 
The breakfast too , the truth , we expected much less . 
A short distance from downtown walking distance from downtown . 
Apart from being a very and hotel it has a very familiar and atmosphere that it 's to visit , I felt like at home , with those big sofas in which we all fit to watch TV , I also the of that whirlpool bathtub that I did not want to take off , in addition to those dinners that we in the restaurant that made me feel very , and the views of course very , because those green areas that reached the horizon gave a relax that seemed infinite . 
Very services , as as all the staff , always and , more than anything we did not speak Italian ! 
They also offered a historical talk in the hotel lobby and a guided tour . 
You can not put a but to this hotel . 
Spa very and quite large , we did not use the pool by dates but it was open , also has gym and massage area . 
We it and we will return 
Breakfast , varied , is served in the basement . 
Good and location 
Highly , for everyone . 
We have been staying at this hotel for a weekend and it has to be said that it is completely and recommendable . 
Our decision when choosing this hotel was . We will certainly repeat . I advise trying the spa . to us it seemed · relaxing after a day of visiting the city . I also advise to request everything that is needed . they upload it to the moment . both the cleaning staff and the reception very and . has in the miinibar 4 waters and 2 pepsis and also a water heater and cafes and infusions . 
Good hotel the functional rooms with minibar to keep your drinks or food refrigerated , there are self-service machines to buy `` everything '' and at a price , from personal toiletries to snacks . 
This August we visited Barcelona , ​​we were a family group of 20 people including children and the elderly , the hotel was and , we also the spa , and the rooftop pool was very for children . 
It also has a view of the Vatican . 
Ideal for those who wish to relax in the countryside , or visit the surrounding villages . 
The and cordial treatment . 
The location of the Hotel is , just five metro stations from downtown . 
Successes , continue on the track ! ! ! 
I liked it 
Small hotel in the center with SPA 
Check · in 24h . 
The hotel is very central , in the middle of Gran Via . 
I liked the hotel in general and its service , the personal attention was very , all very and , very and , with breakfasts and dinners , eating we did not arrive . 
I like the hotel 
There all the staff treated me very and I was able to the many amenities of the premises . 
Everything as we expected very 
the experience was very , it was very , I had a time with my family , I it to all , you should come too , a very treatment by the employees of the hotel , the food was very . 
It offers buffet breakfast . 
Close to Camp Nou and area 
The service of the masseurs , we some treatments that us both , after making us forget the accumulated daily . 
VThe hotel has 168 rooms and 11 floors , we stayed in the latter and overlooking the Gran Vía , the rooms are soundproof and you can not hear anything from outside . 
We have been at this hotel for the weekend ... we wanted a central location to be able to visit the whole tourist area of ​​Madrid ... and we were not ... 
Quality at a price 
The reception service is and makes you feel . 
We would repeat it without hesitation 
I have returned to visit this hotel since my last review and I reiterate my feelings , from 10 in time to price , location and acoustic . 
The bathroom and with the necessary things . 
The location is very next to the plaza de la República , near bars and restaurants varied both food and traditional cuisine as as three metro stops , you could reach the center walking in 20 · 25 minutes . 
We arrived on January 4 , the room quite , with coffee maker and minibar . 
Very and staff , minibar ( non-alcoholic drinks ) , infusion tray and coffee in the room ( ) , spa , very ( no is heard ) and nearby metro line for commuting around the city . 
Regarding the room was , the building has a glass facade so brightness is , bathrooms , the bed is ( not too , not very , that is , it is quite ) and finally television and all that , and since it is a 4 star hotel it complies with its `` obligation '' . 
The treatment and attention of the staff is . an experience to repeat . 
Functional 
I went for and everything was than expected , so do not hesitate , As for quality price was also quite . 
Breakfast standards and offer from shushi to small tropical fruits . 
It gives real to arrive and relax in the room decorated with true care in a minimalist but way . 
The hotel does not always have an service . 
The room is , equipped , with a bathroom , and with minibar . 
If you want a hotel in the center of Madrid but at the same time absorb the and relaxation of your spa ... 
The pool deserves a separate paragraph , with many chairs for the of all , and a Gazebo in which you can buy from drinks to lunch or go for snaks ! 
Accustomed to the ( sometimes at odds with the old and ) this hotel is and the staff . 
the hotel category . 
Good service and situation 
The breakfast was also very complete but the dinners were and very presented . 
Nice hotel with services 
We did not have time to travel all around the farm , but the pool and gardens invite you to spend long periods in summer . 
Very located in the town , close to shops and cafes . 
Good 
Do not hesitate to choose this hotel . 
Excellent air conditioning , in the street at 40 degrees and to sleep we need bedspread , the temperature regulate from reception individually for each room , staff and you can leave your luggage in luggage if you want to stay until later , then you pick it up and continue trip or you go back to house . 
The staff is . 
Breakfast is buffet and it is . 
I remember that the buffet breakfast I liked a lot hahaj I would definitely repeat 
Free internet access and very staff . 
Hotel very central and 
I would highlight the restaurant service . 
The room was very and , with an articulated King-size bed , and a extra bed , with a refrigerator and water . 
Good hotel if you go to the Camp Nou 
Good city hotel in general 
I liked the room in general being able to park the car at the door . 
We are in the Hotel and the treatment towards us is . 
It is located practically in the center of Milan . 
I can not comment on the SPA since I have not visited it , but on the other hand , treatment of the staff , the rooms have an individual , mini bar ( no alcoholic beverages ) , ironing board , coffee maker , and beds , ... and in summer two jacuzzis on the outdoor terrace with views . 
Hotel very located in the center of Madrid . Well connected and to move around the city center . Business trip . Good value for money . 
Stay , and , with a bed and no . 
It is a hotel , very located and about 10 minutes from the historic center of Peñíscola and a few meters from the beach . 
We stayed in this hotel for being close to the center and because we had previously tried the stay in other hotels of the same chain . 
Ideal to visit companies in the nearby polygon . 
A city hotel and very located . 
The rest of the room , bathroom , floor , if they were cleaned . 
100 % recommendable . 
Nice staff 
Very staff , and breakfast . 
In general I do not the hotel , it is very located , the building is very facade and very aspect , it is maintained / renovated . 
It is a very place , without any and with everything you need to spend a few days of rest with the family . 
Good attention at the Reception . 
The soundproof room , with minibar ( 4 bottles of water and 2 of Pepsi ) , flat TV , mini-stereo , iron and ironing board , coffee and tea bags with milk capsules , etc ... The newly conditioned SPA , very complete and also , for being a repeat customer , they gave us 2 tickets . 
We a lot during those days , it is a completely family hotel . 
What I said ... in this chain , where and attention are always something to highlight . 
Friendly at the reception . 
We are clients of this chain and we are very , they always receive us with a bottle of cava . 
A hotel with a situation in the heart of Madrid . 
As far as the rooms are , its size is for traveling as a couple . 
From the one I occupied , the Dome of the Duomo was visible and the bells of the Campanile were audible : a . 
Reception staff very , several tickets to shows , gave us directions and advice , all very ) . 
The quality is for a four-star hotel and the situation in the city is ideal as a starting point to get around the city . 
A hotel , near the Camp Nou but connected by metro and bus . 
In general it is not . 
I think that for those who go periodically for to have reference to this hotel in Barcelona we are because the saying goes , `` known than to know '' but in this case of nothing at all . 
Modern roads 
The newly conditioned SPA , very complete and also , for being a repeat client , gave us 2 tickets . 
The family room is more than for two adults and two children as you have two beds of 1'35 as as the beach hotels we have visited . 
In everything else it has been a stay . 
Modern accommodation in the heart of the city 
I it 
Good hotel and central 
A quality option · price 
Fantastic hotel in the center of Madrid 
My stay at the Hotel Praga was quite , I was with my partner and we were able to the city of Madrid and rest at the hotel . 
Central hotel and 5 minutes from everything 
It is a hotel seeing and being , the rooms are with very decoration and without missing anything , the staff very , the comes out you the rooms as many times as you need is more my husband and I We slept the nap and when we returned at night was the newly made bed again with small details on the pillow , the breakfast buffet I was as there were all kinds of fruits and much more as many cafes as you would like I would at least advise that People visited him even if it was only once in his life since it is an experience . 
The breakfasts are quite varied and the rooms are and , I liked it . 
Under the hotel there is an restaurant at a price where the staff speaks English . 
The hotel is and , both in the room and in the bathroom . 
Good situation and price . 
Well located near tracks , but in the middle of the village of Encamp . 
I will surely return 
Upon entering you are invited to a glass of champagne but we do not take it . 
It has no animation , which is . 
I think it 's okay to go and have with friends as there are many restaurants , bars , pubs and atmosphere to stop it . 
the hotel is in a place to visit the center of madrid , to walk through the door of the sun , plaza mayor etc and tapas in any of the many bars and restaurants in the area , plus the hotel has a subway the door . 
From there you can access the entire center of Madrid walking , staff and everything very . 
The pool is Olympic-sized , and has deckchairs to cover the amount of people staying at the hotel , which is very , since I stayed at other hotels and they are always in short supply ! 
My family and I the city of Madrid , the power to go shopping , to tapas , to see a show , and the situation of this hotel is ideal to move around the center of Madrid without having to take the car because everything it catches you by hand , so that whenever we can plan a weekend family getaway we do not hesitate , our choice is : We 're going to the Senator Gran Via 21 ¡¡ . 
I would go back ! 
Stop at the center 
We would like to go back 
Gratifying 
It is a located hotel , close to the Plaza de España , with many shops and bars nearby . 
Central hotel with services 
A of Madrid . 
There is wifi in the entire hotel . 
It is a hotel to go with family with permanent activities and a sector for children , with kindergarten and very games . 
I have been here several times . 
Although in Florence everything is on foot I have to say that this hotel is located , close to the train station and close to all tourist attractions . 
The hotel is for not a lot of time to stay when you arrive in Dubai , if you arrive at 3 a.m. , for example . 
Good buffet , facilities , location 20 min from the center , with what we had on the beach very . Beach a bit with stones ... I wearing water shoes , and be careful with children : on the shore already covers . 
They also have DVD movies that you can rent without any additional cost . and also from Play Station in the room if you want to spend some time playing . 
It made me curious that at the end of the hall there was a mosque . 
We had a time , the beach service is , the attention of the people always prepared and the food varied , for all tastes . 
You can walk to the various emblematic places of Rome and the bus and metro stations are within walking distance of the Hotel .. 
So it 's a place where I think of going back ! 
The hotel deserves the stars it has , the , the spaciousness and the of the rooms are . 
The hotel located , next to the Playas del Duque and close to shopping centers , promenade , apart from being very , we chose a room with sea views , South orientation , with which all day we had sun , the staff very Friendly and in every way and , in all departments , especially Omar in buffet restaurant and Fernando in attention terrace for dinners . 
The attention at the reception was , the staff is very and to help the guest . 
Quite relaxing and , food , totally . 
Especially for the surprise of the SPA . 
If you you can use the Tourist Bus with a stop at one hundred and fifty meters . 
Excellent service in general I this hotel to all those who are looking to stay in the center of Madrid . 
Our apartment overlooked the barbecues and had a view of the coast and the sea by far with a huge terrace where at night it was . 
The buffet was varied and the ones that never tire you because there were always new things to try . 
You get a deal in this hotel just half an hour from downtown Madrid . 
The interior of the hotel is very and it separates you from the hustle and bustle outside . 
The shows the family at the end of the day . 
Rest , mb food and service . 
Good hotel 
It is a hotel that is very located , with quick access to the Rome metro . 
Its location , a few meters from the train station , is for quick access to the airport . 
As a conclusion , it is a hotel to visit Madrid . 
We the attention of the staff of the campsite , they even us to place the caravan when we arrived . 
The rooms are very , the beach and pool area . 
Good cleaning ( although the carpet had some ) . 
The room was very and and we were invited to the spa in a family pass that the children a lot . 
I it ! 
We will surely return . 
Many of the reception staff , like the one in the restaurant , speak Spanish , they are very and always to help you when giving advice about your stay in Munich . 
It is and preserved . 
I had never been to a campsite and in general it seemed than I expected , we were in a bungalow plus . 
Also nearby is a supermarket and the outputs to the Chianti valley are next to the hotel . 
Exceptional service , the room very , complete and very soundproofed . 
Very located close to everything 
Although the truth was . 
The hotel is , , functional . 
I will return , no . 
The buffet is , varied and with some live cooking . The dining room is very and . 
In addition , it is close to the subway ( stop Emirates ) , which suited us very to go to the fairground in World Trade Center . 
Tranquility and 
A very stay highlighting the treatment of hotel staff and their availability to solve that may arise . 
A 7.5 for breakfast . 
Good rooms ; quality of service . 
All very and decorated . 
Break 
A central hotel in Madrid 
Friendly staff 
We were 7 days that were , they made us feel like kings at all times , I it and if I went back to Punta Cana , I would definitely choose this hotel ... I all the staff for the attention received , 
is close to all theaters , cinemas , Plaza Mayor , Sol , shops , museums and I walked everywhere Congress of Neptune deputies , Cibeles . 
You also have a subway parda just next door and public parking just behind ( with discount for customers , we cost just over € 20 a full day ) . 
I would go back without thinking and consider this hotel one of the I have stayed in especially for the food . 
A very hotel and where you can relax in the middle of Tuscany . 
Second stay ... and getting 
I have had the opportunity to go to this hotel several times , and it is of course the only hotel in Seville that I consider . 
Quiet , and with a terrace . 
Ideal situation 50 meters from Sants station , with taxi rank at the door . 
The rooms were and they always had details with the towels that were . 
An ideal hotel for urban getaways . 
Centric and 
The Spa is . 
The truth is that the price is at least to try it and also in the Gran Vía de Madrid , a . 
They have a theater just below where they do monologues , but I booking in advance because it was full when we were there . 
