Beautiful place ! 
Very staff and breakfast buffet with lots of . 
The attention has been . 
A place of for our vacations ! 
The bathroom is , and the bathroom amenities are very . 
Thank you very much 
Incredible , for its location and its facilities . 
Really unremarkable ... .. 
Very close to Sarlat and the Dordogne Valley is for visiting the area . 
On this occasion we have not used the restaurant service but breakfast has been done in the hotel cafeteria and we were surprised by the quality · price ratio . 
Excellent option ! 
Very quality / price 
Very located to see the musical `` The Lion King '' . 
The people at the reception , very kind . 
Superb hotel in Valencia 
All . 
Very stay 
The Hotel is , with very facilities and an park , careful ! 
It is a very relaxing hotel especially if you go to the spa which is very large and the decoration . 
Very hotel 
Formidable , they have to visit him 
The rooms are very . 
The hotel of my dreams 
Unbeatable location 
The food is . 
The mattress was also . 
Excellence with alternatives 
Whenever we travel to Madrid we stayed at this hotel , the location is . 
The people at the front desk were very when I consulted them about tourist information . 
Excellent starting point to visit Barcelona 
Excellent quality · price . 
The hotel , in the center of Gran Vía Madrileña , a . 
I had a lot of Fun 
The room very , and the breakfast buffet great.We will be repeating.The treatment of the staff was also very . 
The outskirts of the hotel are very views of the beach . 
Highly 
Quality relationship · very price 
The rooms , the spa ... Everything very and the reception staff treated a 10 . 
This hotel hooks 
I just have to say one thing : The vacations I 've ever had ! 
Breakfast , how to define it , SPECTACULAR . 
We it very much . 
The breakfast I , and varied . 
Breakfast is very , at the hotel level . 
Everything is very , very careful , from its facilities , to its location . 
We spent a few days in this hotel in Madrid . 
Excellent , the hotel and the treatment is very 
It has an . 
The thing about this hotel is its location in the area of ​​Gran Vía , which greatly facilitates access to theaters , restaurants and shopping . 
Something ! 
I rated my stay as , they treated me very during the week I was there . 
The equipment of the rooms complete . 
A dream hotel 
Very 
Finally the attention of the staff and at reception is . 
Impressed with the that have been made from one year to the next . 
Huge surprise 
The breakfast on the floor is `` '' , both for the views and the of it . 
Amazing . 
The car insurance paid for this hotel . everything was very , we were taken care of until they repaired our car . 
The facilities , the staff , the beach service and the gastronomy were . 
In short an excenete place to spend the holidays . 
Check in and check out very , since I am a client of other occasions . 
The breakfast buffet very . 
We already knew this chain and we are very with it . 
I seeing all that . 
We were very at the hotel 
We travel in November , vacations . 
The SPA is . 
We were 3 friends and it was all . 
Very close to the Bayside and the American Airlines Arena . 
Enjoying it with the couple has been ideal , everything is . 
Mostly they were families what we were staying there , and for the children very . 
It is also a very hotel . 
It was a very experience with the service , the truth is that I was very , I did not spend much time since I was only two nights in it , but as I said , apart from the very service , the facilities were also very . 
The decoration , as soon as we entered , we thought it was . 
We would to return ! 
Great 
And despite being on Gran Via , the room was very . 
In general , it is absolutely recommendable ! 
The staff has been very at all times . 
Unbeatable location in Tuscany , very close to Pisa ( 30Km ) . 
Thanks for everything ... ... ... we had a very time ... . What we saw on the island is very but driving and driving is a ... The streets are very narrow and with deep gutters on the sides and people walk the streets 
Simply 
The location is very since it has several tram lines and the metro very close . 
Needless to say , the location of the hotel is ideal if you go to the theater area . 
We will return safely next year . 
Perfect base camp to visit Tuscany 
High quality apartments 
Last March 1st I was in this hotel , the rooms are and the treatment of the staff , especially its director . 
Great vacations 
Excellent travel choice ! 
We will return for sure ! 
Fantastic 
Royal 
It is a hotel , very and very located . 
Excellent facilities and above all the staff with a vocation for service , are and very . 
An vacation of relaxation 
It had the location . 
The situation is and communications very . 
A hotel with very reception and services 
This hotel we really liked the service they gave , the food and the stay was . 
The is . 
The truth is that we were with the treatment of the staff . 
The staff remembered us and the deal was more than . 
All very , very and breakfast was very . 
A hotel 
In general , everything is very in terms of workers . 
Very central 
The buffet as always . 
Perfect service and attention 
The hotel is ideal for , and for a weekend . 
We have repeated the stay in this hotel because I your situation 
Very resort 
Excellent in all aspects . 
The rating Very remains a girl for this Hotel . 
Excellent hotel 
Highly accommodation in the Dordogne 
I think of all the hotels I 've been to , without a , this breakfast is the . 
The truth is that in this hotel they give the of the and the prices are . 
A stay 
In the place in Madrid 
Perfect 
The views from the terrace are . 
A place , everything 
The sheets , blankets and decoration of the bed very . 
The staff was also very . 
Perfect hotel in Madrid 
Excellent , as always , in the line of the chain . 
There is also a CVS very close to the hotel . 
The hotel in Madrid 
Great ! 
It is located in the center of Madrid . 
Dream hotel , a in itself 
It is highly for any type of travel source ( business , recreation , vacations , etc . ) 
Breakfast the rest of the day buffet . 
Great 
Fully for trip 
The experience has been very , it allowed us to relax , have and even during the three days we have been . 
Very vacation 
Very accommodating 
The decoration is very creating a contrast of and functional decoration with the house , which is old and with very high ceilings . 
The service is ! 
Very . 
By the first morning we went down late for breakfast and they treated us in the cafeteria . 
I have been to 5 different hotels in Punta Cana and I it 100 % . 
I went for one day to Barcelona and stayed at this hotel . The hotel as such , is very . 
The hotel is . 
The price is very , especially compared to the central hotels ( and usually not in such condition ) . 
Hotel with an location . 
We it 
Excellent stay 
The quality of the breakfast is very . 
The rooms have very beds and the bathroom is very . 
An B & amp ; amp ; B . The breakfast of quality and quantity . 
The staff very . 
Excellent in every way , attention , food , facilities , the beach . 
We have been very with the hotel 's quality-price ratio . 
It will pass 10 points . 
I like the hotel . 
The staff is very and the spa . 
All the staff was . 
Personally I the rugs after a day of and if it is possible to do the Spa and the day is round . 
Very central . 
Quality , services and attention , . 
In summary we have been very . 
I 100 % this hotel to everyone . 
All . 
The breakfast service very complete , with a of pastries and natural juices . 
The staff very , we had a in the room and they moved us to a superior room without . 
Great location 
The hotel is very connected to the metro . 
A 10 ! 
The hotel is very large , occupies a whole block and everything is very . 
Very close also to the Estació del Nord , the Arc de Triomf and the Parc de la Ciutadella . 
It is second to none ! 
very 
Excellent hotel for the holidays 
A hotel from check-in to check-in . 
Perfect location ! 
The of Kenya in front of the night shows is . 
Very option 
Simplente . 
It is an establishment that offers a location to visit the places of tourist interest . 
We have been very with our stay in these apartments . 
The waiters are , and they serve you very and with . 
The hotel staff was very at all times . 
Our stay at the Hotel Las Arenas Balneario Resort has been the least . 
Thank you ! 
Hotel with very prices quality / price ratio . 
The stay in the hotel was very , the attention , , really make you feel very and that you are always . 
Anyway , we had 4 days . 
Really 
The location of the hotel is for getting around the center of Madrid . 
Very staff , both at reception and in the restaurant . 
The rooms were very , and the heating like a . 
Excellent 
Very hotel , completely recommendable . 
By the way COMFORTABLE . 
The pool is , and I do not know any with views . 
Really , we have been fascinated , a total . 
Great . 
Very hotel , very rooms . 
Hotel Genial 
Perfect hotel in Barcelona 
Very located in Madrid 
I would give it 5 out of 5 stars . 
Very everything 
Upon arriving at Mequines we the location of this 3 star hotel , with whose seal we had already had experiences in the past in other places ( the Ibis brand ) . 
Excellent stay at this hotel 
The hotel is highly . 
Excellent attention 
I can tell you real that I spent some days of absolute before returning to . 
The hotel Lloret is a option in the sense that it is very located in the first block of La Ramla from Plaza Cataluña . 
I it . 
It is a campsite , very natural and . 
It our expectations . 
Excellent . 
We really liked this hotel in Valencia . 
Again we were at this hotel . 
The relation quality price is very . 
Very 
In summary very and very priced , I will repeat without hesitation . 
I you all and you for your service . 
Hotel very nestled 
Excellent atmosphere 
All absolutely . 
The clientele is varied but whenever we have stayed there is a lot of foreigners because it is very close to Camp Nou , this makes it an ideal place to go to football . 
The attention of all the staff . 
The location is , a setting . 
Excellent weekend 
A lot of in the bakery . 
A very . 
The service is very complete and I am very with the facilities . 
It has been very , it has been one of the hotels I 've been .. I do not know if there are other hotels like that , it 's to go there and see what there is , but I you it is very , very , Greetings to all . 
Excellent place to rest with family . 
they are ! ! 
Highly 
And also highlight the location of the hotel , which is . 
We had a time . 
The staff is very . 
The facilities are very and the views are . 
I was at this hotel a year ago with my partner ; The truth is that I took it for an offer and I was very with the environment , the facilities and the treatment . 
staff ! 
Very 
The room was very large and the bathroom huge . 
Fantastic hotel 
The hotel is very located , on the left side of the widening . 
With all this , a more than hotel to visit this city . 
A very stay , very 
The bar · restaurant menus are very and they are very priced . 
I 
More than a five-star hotel , the palladium deserves six stars . 
Perfect to restart 
no to repeat . 
Very 
The hotel is very . 
We spent 4 days in Tuscany and Borgo Grondaie , my wife and I and we left the room with . 
Totally . 
I went because I had an event at IFEMA and the hotel is literally 5 minutes from IFEMA , for that aspect . 
Highly by location , treatment , rooms . 
Ideal to know the city . 
It has views of Madrid from the terrace . 
Quality relationship · price . 
Ideal to see Barça 
The communication with the center is . 
A hotel 
There is a quality price relation . 
The thing about the hotel was the Spa . 
A environment 
The decoration of the rooms is . 
Super recommendable , ! 
Excellent service 
Hotel piece 
The relationship quality · price is . 
100 % recommendable . 
especially the location , it is to move around the center shopping , meals , recreation . 
Very family stay 
A hotel 
One of the most things about this hotel is its design , attractiveness and that it has . 
Very original chocolates in the room . 
The beach , in my opinion than the beach of Arena Gorda and Cabeza de Toro . 
Very , very staff 
This hotel in Andorra has been an choice on our part for the bridge of Kings . 
The truth is that they have been an beach vacation . 
All the details are very taken care of . 
Great breakfast , so you take strength for trips . 
I this hotel , I Radisson 
I would return if I had the occasion I have felt like a princess in a story . The views the staff superior in quality and the food without words like I have picked up a couple of kilos after my stay . 
Excellent vacations 
Excellent situation , If you are walking , you can walk around the commercial , cultural and gastronomic center within a radius of 4 to 5 km . 
You can not ask for more . 
The pool and the SPA are , with very beds . 
Highly to go with a partner , 
The treatment of the staff is and very welcoming . 
The food and the quality of the drink is . 
It was the buffet I 've ever seen . 
Perfect to rest after a day of 
The rooms very and the detail of the Nordic very . 
The situation of the hotel very with to the beach . 
The treatment of the hotel staff EXCELLENT . 
the pool and the beach , especially the beach . 
All 
I everything ! 
We combined a lot going to the beach and going back to the hotel , we really liked this vacation . 
Excellent option for Intimate time in Couple 
I the restaurants especially the one that is on the beachfront and where you can eat tapas . 
Charming hotel and very located . 
We took walks around the town , watched movies at night , and in the morning at the pool , a huge pool ! ! 
Very to rest . 
Very saved 
The hotel is very located , ideal for shopping or sightseeing around the city . 
My family and I were at the beginning of September in VellMari and it was an vacation . 
Perfect ! 
The hotel is , ostentatious , of leaving you alone with the huge hall that has just past the front door . 
Excellent stay 
Very situation 
Very hotel 
The room had a double king size bed . 
They are apartments with 2 rooms , a bathroom , a dining room and a fully equipped kitchen . 
The hotel is . 
Excellent location to get to know Madrid 
In a few words , it has been like living a dream ! 
Very 
Very service , we had an time . 
An service , very disposition everyone . 
The site us , since the apartments are very . 
Generally very welcoming and service 
This Hotel has as its biggest , its location in the heart of Madrid . 
We were again 
Very attentions by the animation team ! 
Spectacular hotel and service and attention 
Everything very and the staff very and very . 
There is a quality price relation 
Perfect hotel 
It was a unique stay in a place with an attention ... ... ... . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Very hotel 
I traveled with my wife to Sirenis Tropical this past November and it has been an vacation . 
The breakfast very . 
Great place to rest . 
I liked this hotel because it is very located near many leisure areas and shopping centers . 
An 
Fantastic ! 
Excellent location 
The hotel in general is . 
facilities , service , entertainment , food , attention in general . 
The truth is that the hotel much than I expected . 
The location in Madrid 
The beds , and the shower ! 
But on the outside we can not help but be surprised by its design , characterized by the terrace , the facade of the hotel , the views offered both from rooms and from the glass elevators . 
On the inside it is very . 
Also the location of the hotel is because it is very close to the beach and the attention of all the staff very , it is noting that the food is very varied and . 
Fully , like the entire Playasenator chain . 
The service , the rooms , the pool , the beach and everything in general is . 
A hotel located in a very area of ​​Madrid . 
Undoubtedly , the stay at the Las Arenas hotel has been an experience , a very treatment , views of the beach . 
Great value for the price 
Our stay at Hotel Palafox was very . 
The place is and the rooms very . 
Beautiful vacations ! 
In addition , it is very close to the train station . 
It is a hotel . 
Impeccable service , the hotel is , very food ... 
I repeat , the location . 
An service 
Wonderful hotel 
Magnificent Hotel and location 
Perfect to know the city 
The treatment is . 
Also for children is a very site , an service for them . 
