The receptionists are rude and not close even to trying to help .... After when checkouts i walk out of the hotel this morning , the blonde duty manager was literally her putting butt on the reception desk with one foot on the chair and talking bloody loud on her mobile .... this can be not a 4 · star hotel . 
Overall impression : claiming to be a luxury , but the service does not yet match . 
Very small rooms , old furnished . 
Because of renovation probably work my room was not fully ready . 
This what we is found in our room : cracked bathroom basin , chipped bath , dirty tiling round toilet area , black mould on tiling , rotten bathroom door from water damage , stained heavily and torn bed cover , no tea or coffee making facilities , very old and faulty TV . 
The most disadvantage of the hotel is noise from the fountain situated on next square to the hotel . 
Thick windows and bad heating system . 
Elevator is so small that two average persons and one suit case are having troubles to fit . 
Not really a touristy area , rather business and residential . 
Very disappointing , over · priced and rude staff 
The all inclusive spirits had a perfume taste to them . 
Window of the room was to the roadside and very many cars pass by this road . 
The food was expensive . 
For the rest it is very dirty ( for example we found little insects in the room ) and the sheets were not cleaned well ( we found stains of I don 't want to what know was ) . 
To enter the B &amp; B you have to climb 20 steps to reach the first floor , so the B &amp; B is less accustomed to handicapped people . 
After breakfast no meals or drinks offered . 
Lot of homeless . 
This campsite is the most EXPENSIVE I have stayed ever at with some of the smallest pitches . 
The reception staff is not very well English educated . 
The worst ever vacation · anything but grand ! 
There are mice in the hotel room . 
1 the room was not clean . 
The sauna steam room area was invaded constantly by families and singles in swim wear , including children with goggle and floaties · with no spa etiquette . 
Our pitch smelt of so didn sewage 't do any cooking . 
leaking toilet which floods floor ..... odd stains on sofa , had to sit on towels ..... fist hole in bedroom door ...... bed that collapses . 
The actual neighbourhood is not however great , betting mostly shops and convenience stores . 
Tiny dark rooms with very basic comfort , practically , beds only . 
very small Room , moquette with stains , spiderweb on the walls . 
We must pay at check in . 
coming Not back 
Not much choice for English . 
we paied 1300 euro per night and for 3 night in advance ... we didn 't our get back meny ... but It was so then worse we moved out . 
It was only a pity that the underground parking did us cost exact 50 % of the room rate . 
One thing that could have been is better the food · could be more of variety or a choice of local foods . 
They could work a little on dusting the better place : some of the lamps and decorative items were full of dust . 
We noticed that Disco was always empty , change so the music or DJ . 
Cheap bed linen and grey towels . 
This hotel is very sneaky and experienced thus in making money . 
It was bland , dark and a little shabby . 
At 1.2 euros per hour · this is a scam . 
I am a customer of this hotel for over 10 years , but I have experienced never such a miserable service this year . 
There aren 't many English channel on unfortunately TV . 
really load and unfriendly staff . 
major highways ( all night heard the noise of passing large vehicles ) . 
The room was quite tiny and with only one window going into the yard , so not much light during the daytime . 
Given the fact that it is located at a major intersection the noise level was higher than usual . 
The area is residential , so not many shopping or dining options around . 
You need a car to get there . 
Usually , you hear the even noise until 3am or 4 am .... 
First when day we arrived the wasnt toilet clean . 
This was already a deal breaker , because I had known this , I would have booked a better hotel for 20 more EUR . 
I know some people complained . 
only Staircase on the outside and heated not . 
However , the sauna steam room area was managed not as well . 
Some of the items in the room looked old and cracked ( the chair was damaged , the cabinets looked re · purposed ) . 
However , the room quality and the service was quite bad and disappointing . 
Bath shower didn 't work , and the fridge was broken . 
Breakfast was a disaster , uncomfortable chairs tables , bad quality food , no diversity , cold tea coffee . 
I think the Luxor was a much better hotel 10 or 20 ago years , but it seems a bit run down now . 
Might be ok for some , but not for me 
The service that needs quite a big improvement is the Gold 's Spa . 
Our room was next right to the bar club area . 
Vodka rum whisky brandy although were diffrent had a similar perfume flavouring . 
It started that we had to argue to enter with the coach the parking area in front in order to off · load luggage . 
Somewhat confusing and unclear . 
full Hotel of Russians and children 
From the room you can hear every noice . 
No there room . 
Upper rooms were very small without own bathrooms and WC . 
Hotel was under construction . 
Might be small for American standards . 
Impossible to hang trousers . 
There are not enough seats for the guests in the restaurant , so for dinner you have to wait in a queue 
Not one of the best choices on the strip 
A 4 star hotel should have some items of hot breakfast . 
2 Practically no storage space which is not very convenient . 
This requires walking however all around the hotel , and there is only one set of elevators for each floor ( the hotel is a pyramid , and the elevators are only in one corner ) . 
The swimming pool is quite small , so 't don forward look a resort · type structure . 
The only thing we could eat at the hotel was breakfast , which in my opinion was a little expensive bit . 
Next time i would spend the extra money and stay in a better one . 
Unconfortable beds , little pillows , short sheets ( with holes ) . 
Though the toilet smelt strongly of urine . 
The only thing we missed was snorkeling and a reef and a dutch channel on television . 
It was not worth of the money we spent for it . 
We had to go through it to go to sleep , and did feel not very safe at all . 
Room service needs to be improved and we experienced that some of the Linen provided are damaged . 
not Do recommend the yet hotel because of the rebuilding , noise and dirt of the builders . 
· The owners don 't speak any English 
Room amenities were below standard with no water heater and an very old possibly television from the stone age . 
And they will never me have as a again guest . 
Service desk is bad . 
Basic Sheraton below my expectations . 
The beach was always busy and had to get there early to get a sunbed . 
This hotel is very old and needs long ago renovation . 
Choice of very poor food , not enough so staff employees were running like crazy , and you could tell there is a lack of management !! 
The hotel Tornese lost regular customers ! 
I would never come ever back to this even hotel if they paid simply me. it 's not worth the money , let alone the 4 stars . 
Dirty public restrooms 
Pool area dated 
Not a place for family with kids or if you are used at 4 5 * comfort . 
I couldn 't find interesting anything around it . 
definitely Looks don mean 't anything ! 
The only downside was the very small bathroom , and that you have to pay extra for carparking . 
Flat was in a state , not worth the money paid 
No refrigerator in the room and no food at the bar . 
beach activities are linked to tide hours ... ( only 3 hours day .. ) and C · beach mainly club restricted to Villa residents ( even if they are not present ... ) 
not Do stay here . 
Weekends are costlier little . 
Using Skype may cause connection problems . 
It is a very simple hotel , the room is very small and there is only a little table that you can use also as a desk . 
Instead , the entrance is a small door on the side of the building . 
pricey Bit and but away from center 
One of the worst hotels I 've seen ever . 
It happened that I was the only one visitor each time I came . 
Many people are pull out of the shuttle bus because of this . 
The only down side was the dress code in the restaurants as in a hotel of this quality we would expect an evening dress code long e.g trousers for men and no beach wear . 
Poor Service Poor Hotel 
First , we arrived around 9 pm and were charged a steep 20 EUR late “ check · in fee ’ , which wasn ’t disclosed on my confirmation e · mail , and was only fine print on the website I used to book the room . 
There is no restaurant for lunch or dinner . 
The room we got was covered with dust and a electrical few items like lights and the scale in the where not bathroom working . 
Definetely to be avoided except if you want to be near the Arc de Trimphe and Champs Elysees but there are better options around . 
In overall I would recommend not this hotel . 
No balcony , open cannot windows . 
Service was rather poor , and the reception staff was not very friendly or helpful . 
Lots of groups passing in the weekends . 
The staff takes no responsibility for this , telling this is not a hotel . 
But if you 're looking for a bed and else nothing , this is a possibility . 
The hotel is about a 20 minutes walking distance from the city center and theres around nothing . 
Sheets were stained too 4 times for mgmt to bring new ones all were stained . 
However , this does make not up for the expense and lack of space . 
This hotel is not worth 3 stars at all . 
Please avoid to be there . 
Marriott standard but room was not enough clean 
TV was working not and no phone in the room . 
Would expect much more for the price paid ( 160 USD night ) 
Basic hotel outside the Amsterdam 
Hi , Just got back from the Mamlouk Palace ... The hotel looks every bit of a five star however hotel , on close inspection its more like an average 2 · 3 star . 
Front desk wasn 't the best , quite slow for passport registration and clerk insisted that we pay up for a better room . 
They are rebuilding the hotel . 
2nd floor , backing on to a delivery alley and bar . 
No balcony , only italien tv no german no english. the parking situation is a little chaos , but we find always a place. the service at breakfast is bad and there are only a few things to eat. very loud at the weekends because of event outside . 
Not worth going to ! 
Тhis is not a four star hotel . 
It was a 6 · person dorm , but I it think was designed originally to be a 4 · person one . 
At 120 € a Night I think that should be included . 
The only missing thing was a hotel where lounge you can sit and relax or read a paper . 
me Took hours to check in , although I had a reservation and paid also in advance . 
basic Pretty hotel . 
Room was fully visible from the outside , and cleaning staff left daily open curtains , allowing anyone to your see belongings . 
Namely , requests were handled not or handled not in a timely manner . 
Poor with very acoustic bad 
For a family stay , I would have chosen different something . 
As its located near the Schiphol Airport , at times may get surge of guests whose flights are cancelled . 
· Rooms dirty , Bugs running on th floor 
Over 40 Euros for a pizza , burger and two drinks . 
Noisy , very poor room insulation 
Reasonable breakfast but no low · fat options for milk , yoghurt , cereal etc. compared to my recent visit to Denmark ( Scandic Hotel ) . 
Dark , designed crazily bathroom with no electrical outlet , no soap dish in shower ( no bathtub ) , minuscule shelf for personal amenities . 
Spoiled the impression of the trip 
I don 't recommend this hotel ! 
I was forced to stay in this due area to my business reason , but oterwise I would suggest not to come here to your spend holidys . 
Try this only Hotel if you haven 't other choises ! 
My room seemed to be taken . 
I would go not back ! 
But the room is very old and dirty . 
We had 3 complaints . 
Small bathroom . 
I booked this hotel for seven days but after two nights I had to it change . 
There is no wine included in the All inclusive , not even with meals , this has to be paid extra , no liquires . 
Pool closes at 7 
Appart from that , special nothing . 
To expensive , bad quality 
Tele and air condition out of order . 
The room did look not very clean and the lighting was below standard . 
Rooms are small , smelly and very outdated . 
Only location 
Disappointed experience 
Average 
Food was inedible bacteria haven !!!! 
The SKY ( spa ) was a not due disappointment · to facility . 
the worst hotel experience in my life , no hot water , shower equipment destroyed , no Wi · Fi in the room , personnel didn 't know the hotel restaurant bar menu , no towels in the room and the manager didn 't care at all for the complaints 
No fridge in 1 of the rooms . 
I requested a non · smoking room , only to find a cigarette in the toilet . 
Observations : · non · children holiday makers were mixed in with children holiday makers , thus noisy , and could have been separated as there are at least 2 blocks of rooms . 
There is no lift it &amp; very ’s difficult to climb upper floors with your luggage through the narrow stares . 
We reserved ultra all but drink was not variuos and If we wanted different drink we had to pay for it . 
tried Never the spa and swimming pool though . 
Personally I prefer one of the other NN hotels . 
One TV didn 't several function times . 
The sports ( pool ) area is boring and small . 
Rooms do correspond not to the pictures , very old furniture , faded linens , creaky bed , a disgusting smell in the room , even though we asked for booking when a non smoking room . 
· Bad smell in room 
Seemed like the staff couldn 't handle the amount of people . 
We cannot speak for the other available rooms , but to ours give a 5 star tag was ridiculous . 
There is no garage . 
Unlike the ad on booking.com , breakfast is not free , it 's € 7 person . 
Check · in is at a machine which your disclose room card ( key ) and there is thus no reception ( at not least at night ) . 
One note · I would like a more fun evening at the hotel . 
overpriced Totally , lousy service , bad location ( noise from close houses · by ) . 
Streetside is rather noisy in the morning . 
For years we enmenons friends and family with us , but this is the last time ! 
For 160 € without breakfast I I believe should get a decent also room in Paris , but this was not the case . 
It is down worn , not clean and the whole hotel looks like a mess . 
They don 't refund and call just the police all the time , so that they are not liable . 
likely Most , I 't won return to this place . 
· no elevator 
Disadvantages · size and condition of the room . 
Last day we toilet finished paper , we haven 't found a new roll . 
Wi · fi is in place but quite slow . 
Near by hotel is lot of trash throw all over the place , we saw also death rat at the street ! 
Breakfast at the hotel buffet , no frills . 
During the stay we were not able to connect to the Wifi , not even with the help of the staff . 
Had dinner in the city , as in the evening in the hotel just bar worked . 
like all hotels in the NL , the rooms are tiny ( kind of hot in the night ' cuase you can 't open the window as most important · · the rooms on the street side are extremly noisy throughout the night . 
So in the future no more trips to this hotel will be booked from our association and we suggest all other people to be very careful . 
Also , we could hear the loud disco music till very late in the morning , and nothing could be done about it even after we complained . 
They smoked everywhere which was not pleasant . 
No parking . 
In addition , the room was in disgusting quite condition and the bathroom is like a toilet trailer that has been placed in the room . 
The hotel was therefore underconstruction there were problems with the heating . 
Lack of private space with sun beds on the front beach it .. 's necessary for a 4 * or 5 * star hotel with front beach !!! 
So , it is not really a hotel , but low budget room accommodation . 
Although these apartments may look great on the internet , don 't go . 
The food was very usual fast · food on breakfast . 
There was a certain amount of dust on the floor . 
The main entrance is a small letdown . 
For other destinations , I would think money for value was a low little . 
· Mould in the shower 
Don 't go · avoid this place ! 
I was glad that I didn 't have to take a shower in there ( the bath tub was dirty and used ) . 
Elderly beware walking long long distances waits for shuttle if you can find one ..... 
I them expect to reply much quicker for the next time . 
The around area is not what you expect from Amsterdam . 
We was afraid about our safe . 
only maybe remark is that for families with little children the facilties ( playing ground ) is not available 
I would like also to in the rooms was free water 
We would have been not able to cook a meal og we had to cook water for coffee in a pot . 
You are stuck once you book they will not you allow to change hotels . 
Room Tip : Best rooms are in another hotel , not there . 
Both room and bathroom were a small bit though . 
Idem the hotel pool and jacuzzi area . 
Hotel room was too warm , air conditioning not enough powerful to cool room . 
Probably as soon as you are not on the anymore premises , it is not that clean . 
I will NOT recommend this hotel to anyone . 
I ’d say only backpackers . 
Hotel is placed about 30 minutes from center of Paris · metro line 12 . 
I stayed here as an invited guest and would probably stay not here if I had to pay . 
Overpriced for the service . 
A huge disappointment 
Asked for an iron than arrived never , they me offered access to the full continental breakfast : what a shame , and they charge even some 13 € for that . 
Nothing Grand , except the name of the hotel 
During the night , you should expect not to be able to sleep , because in the room you will hear the bass and music from the nightclubs the whole night . 
Hamburger meat was grey · set out next to hot grill 
I wil recommend not anyone to stay there . 
Food a repeatative bit . 
There is no sauna nor swimming pool . 
Nothing special !!! 
Beds are not up to par . 
Over rated · 
The drain of our shower needed to be unclog . 
Breakfast was standard · more · or less the same you can find in any business hotel . 
definitely Looks don 't mean anything 
All in all , I would go not there again 
No information provided for the above at the reception unless you ask for that . 
TV signal was not good and we missed a up to flat date screen . 
Pre · Booking is a must 
Dirty.our room lock was brocken and we were not sure if someone came in . 
I should add also that it is difficult from there to use public transportation , and that we were provided with a set of house rules that seemed made for partying teenagers . 
Lobby was full of flies ( dead and alive ) , it was hot , humid and smelly . 
There is no carpet in the hotel , instead , there is wooden floor which spreads and maximizes the noise from the corridor and other rooms . 
Bad impression in Paris 
We complained to the campsite but they were unfriendly and weren interested 't . 
The accommodation itself left something to be desired : the room was rather small ( the twin bed took up 2 3rds of the space ) ; the bathroom was very small , with gaps in the wall and exposed pipes that were rather noisy . 
The hotel could do with some renovation . 
The only minus ( for some people it might be a plus ) is the distance from firenze itself . 
Not a lot of space in the room ( a general issue in anyway Paris ) and an old bathroom . 
This was one of the few mega first resorts on the strip in the 90 's , but now it is starting really to its show age . 
The TV stopped several foor moments because the internet connection wasn 't sufficient . 
Service is not reliable : several mistakes made in the orders ( happened to me and some colleagues .. instead tea of coffee , no show , getting 2 instead breakfasts of 1 ... ) . 
Unfortunately the staff is unable to cope with the standard of a five star hotel : my bill was full of errors and I had to discuss about it . 
very loud · Rooms , old winows 
Some would have to it change , especially the rude staff that we noticed . 
But the ticket at the hotel ( bus driver does sell not the ticket ) 
The only glitch · no eggs scrambled or otherwise because of delivery issues during weekends . 
It was really hot in Baku in July , and the main problem in the hotel was bad air · conditioner , which was working hardly . 
The major dissapointment was the room itself , very VERY little , bathroom with poor amenities and worse of all : you could hear everything from the rooms around . 
Disappointed 
Beaches ( 3 ) are small and have rocks ( we had the water shoes ) , if you come early at the beach don 't expect towels until 8.30 · 9.00 am . 
Handing out the keys was slow motion and ineffecient .. At breakfast guests had to ask twice for coffee tea , used plates remained too long on the tables . 
started realizing Then that the money we paid were far too much for what we got !! 
Upon contacting the hotel one week before trip to cancel reservation we discovered that no refund will be possible while no advice was provided , during reservation , about cancelling policies . 
Great location but no ! 
I had some issues with the cleanliness of hotel in general , including the used rather rooms which start asking for renovation . 
The rooms were on the small side and the amenities ( like Internet access ) were spotty at best . 
Room was hoovered not even 1 tine during 5 days , so it shouldn 't happened . 
Don 't go here if you want a quiet relaxing holiday . 
There were just ALOT of people . 
Make sure to your unload luggage at the entrance , as there is a set of stairs from the parking lot . 
Entrance to only rooms by passing through bar area . 
· Didn 't recieve a bill 
The price is too expensive for ordinary such service . 
Anyway , there is no chance to have breakfast , no restaurant at the hotel . 
Looks more like a hostel . 
The only advantage of this hotel is location . 
An old country house locates in the middle of nowhere , facilities are old , heaters are not warm at night , doors can be locked using only keys , walls are not sound proof that allow u to hear everything , breakfast costs 30 euro per person : awful &amp; amp ; with little choices . 
The rooms are not worth its even price for 50 euro a night . 
So , same price as cheap hotel , crappy room , food is horrible , we it left and went into town for food , no night rest and a few 100 euro damage on motorbike .. 
Transfer from hotel to airport · 6 Euro. 
Also cleanliness is not the hotel 's best side , the carpet was always dirty . 
Noise during the night from the elevator . 
I myself consider an average size person , but still I had to squeeze in order to fit between the shower and wall to get to the toilet . 
Not for me . 
The rooms were a smaller lot than expected and the bathroom had mold between some tiles , so that 's why we rated that lower part . 
The hotel is a little old bid furnished . 
It is noisy ( thin walls , doors I · woke up several times because I thought someone was my entering rooms ) , smelly , very small and dirty . 
I it think 's too much for what it offers . 
Staff does talk not very well English . 
The room size is unbearable and the bathroom is even smaller . 
One bed with twin mattresses , nothing modern in the room , just very average everything . 
Maybe the staff is not as friendly as one can expect but they have to deal with hundreds of guest , maybe one thousand , in busy weekend night , so they may be excused . 
The staff in this hotel was really the major downside of my stay . 
The room itself is different story . 
Donetsk is not a tourist destination and the choices are limited . 
There was a strange smell in all of our three rooms . 
The area around the hotel is not the nicest though . 
loud and noisy , despite rule tat fron 22 ; 00 everything must be quit , staff says ; bad luck 'also staaf was responsible for serious damage on my motorcycle , which was put in a bike shed 'only they could enter ' 
Definitely not a five star hotel ! 
Room was very small and poor . 
The location is probably the only good thing about this hotel . 
This was a weird stay . 
Airport shuttle is not complimentary 
size of the room , really small small , no place to hang more something than two shirts . 
There were nousy works going on , starting at 9 a. m . 
The room is dark pretty because of that . 
The ground is hard and the tent pegs do stay not in . 
Location is far little from city center . 
· Bath wasn ' when clean we recieved the room , shower empty bottle from guests before where in shower . 
When you come in the door , on the left hand side there is a old cabinet and old commode with an very old tube television . 
Lots of European eastern food . 
Tiny room , no place to put luggage . 
Although I wouldn 't say this was a cheap holiday , it didn 't break the bank either , so if you want a guaranteed tan go to Egypt , if not and its your main yearly summer holiday , I 't wouldn it recommended ... I , go d somewhere else to avoid disappointment . 
Expensive airport hotel 
The room is too small , the bathroom is not clean , moreover , there was a problem with bathroom equipment · after the always shower water on the floor . 
Paaid for All inclusive but this was not exactly what I received , for this I had to pay ' extra ' , All inclusive to this hotel is meals in the main self sevice restaurant , does include not any other restaurant on the site , the local fish market evening was as well extra as the ala carte , they do you give a RS375 off the ala carte menu which is an due insult to the price charged for self service . 
Poor breakfast . 
However the food was cold , not enough crockery cutlery etc in restaurants . 
No actions were taken to us get any warmer . 
The rooms are tiny , the furniture , carpets and walls need an urgent refurbishment , and some cleaning would be nice . 
Hotel Premiere Classe Orly Rungis is near the airport and close to Orly 
Our only criticism would be the bathroom · which is a small little and in need of updating and refreshing . 
In addition the bathroom was very little and not you cannot use the sink if the door was closed because there was no space . 
Unfortutanely the beach is 95 private % and no sandbeach , which of course is not the hotels fault . 
For us , the poor choice of German wines was disappointing . 
As breakfast in the hotel was an expensive option , we decided to go to famous Cafe Zurich ( 100 only meters ) every morning and enjoy lovely weather and many peple going around . 
I had a studio room with a " kitchen " ... Well the kichen was old , gross and kind in a " cupboard " . 
Not so many restaurants around . 
Dirty dishes , no fruit , empty firdge , loud TV 
Stay was too short 
The only drawback from this hotel is that it is in an old building . 
But from the hotel to the airport there are some strict rules at this hotel . 
Too pollution in the surrounding streets . 
Our room was a city view room facing Street .. So from a view perspective , there is nothing that we can wow about !!! 
Food prices though are completely out of touch with Sofia reality , even in comparison with similar other hotels in the city . 
Avoid . 
Cannot get any assistance with issues 
The salesmen could take a no and they were kinda rude . 
Anyway , think before making booking of this hotel . 
i couldn 't go back 2 this hotel because i had eaten hardly all holiday 
Crowded , noisy , smelly , unfriendly . 
very mediocre Breakfast , bread too hard , scrambled eggs with melk . 
Rooms are noisy , when e.g. somebody is taking a shower , u will hear the plumbing cooling off for the next hour .. a loud ticking noise . 
The check in took quite a bit of time , as the guest before me had some questions and they didn 't have a second person . 
Condition of the room is very poor and also it was cleaned not properly . 
Otherwise , I would stay somewhere else . 
The bath is sort of even tinier . 
I have experienced in Linen change in the bath room of Villa which i staid , since the linen are not fresh on my entry to the room . 
Now back , no one will reply to emails and they do answer not phones 
The decor of the hotel is very just old another 3 star hotel standard !!! 
finally we had to pay 20 Euro for internet for a week · that should be included . 
You guessed right , a big dirty spot on sheet . 
Old and very tired hotel 
Complaints handling took hours . 
There is nothing but close highway to hotel . 
No ironing board and iron in room , small top table board and non · steam iron is supplied requested when , but to be honest are useless for removing creases in cotton shirts . 
You need to count 20 · 30 minutes walking time to get to Dubling city center from this hotel . 
Hotel is very over · priced considering that you get dated rooms with old and hard linen , towels etc. , poor selection and quality of food at breakfast and many parts of the hotel were closed or under refurbishment , rude and unfriendly staff our ruined stay and the hotel boasts about its art when collection it should pay more attention to customer service and standards for guests 
In this day and age to charge Euro 20.00 for Wi · Fi a day is silly low · band should be free in your room . 
It was all overcooked and luke warm ! 
The only downside was too few business centers and one was closed . 
Not suitable for couples without children as evening entertainment was almost nill and geared for families . 
My wife and I stayed at the Waterfront Hotel , in Gzira , Sliema , Malta but we will go not back . 
Fruit choice is not large . 
we were dissatisfied completely with the owners ' unfriendly attitude , the room was a different lot from its foto in the hotel 's internet site and the room was smelling as bad as being in a hospital ... 
Extremely unpleasant odor in the bathroom , poor Very breakfast and almost expired date of the food ( butter , baguette ) . 
When we stayed there , there was a weird smell around the sitting area . 
The hotel itself looks a dated bit , reminding of the grand style of famous hotels in other world cities . 
For me , this experience is worse than any hostel before . 
Too expensive for ordinary service 
Wasn 't that easy to move around . 
