Great Atmosphere &amp; varieties of foods ! 
Amazing wellness facilities at Dorint an der Messe 
Everything was excellent . 
Excecutive chef and his team excellent ; great food . 
We will come again ! 
Excellent room space and cleanliness . 
Everything was absolutely perfect . 
the animation was amazing : ) w.g the welsh girl Stephanie was always around to speak to if we her needed . 
Animation just team super . 
It is spotlessly clean , food is excellent and staff are all really friendly . 
The breakfast and service you provided the next day was exceptional . 
Sensational located superfriendly hotel 
I ’m going definitely there again whenever I get a chance . 
The grounds around our villa were maintained to a very high standard as was the reception area and also the dining area . 
Excellent location 
excellent facilities for adults and chldren . 
Situated Ideally in the heart of Florence 
The rooms are very clean and the staff there are very polite and excellent speak English . 
Superb . 
Highly recommended 
A brilliant oasis in a desert wilderness 
Good size tv ! ! ! 
Excelent place for golf and beach 
Thank you guys , it was great fun !!! 
People are great ! 
Check · in Check · out was a piece of cake . 
alanani , rocko and axaha should be working in a five star hotel because they were brilliant ! 
Best hotel in Frankfurt 
Hotel was excellent en the staff was very friendly . 
I had the most wonderfull there time , having fun all the time .... : ) 
The hotel is very big and it takes quite a while to get from one place to the other , especially to get to the casino and the shops . 
It is very colorful and perfect for a romantic getaway . 
Absolutely unique pools . 
Very recommendable B &amp; B with extremely kind staff 
A wonderful holiday 
Nice ! 
I would recommend highly this especially resort compared with ones in Sharm . 
Absolutely gorgeous and super relaxing hotel 
We us felt on our holiday like in paradise . 
Unforgettable 
Hotel is very beaituful . 
Bliss .. Really enjoyed ! 
Internet centre was great . 
Location of the hotel and dinner excellent 
I was impressed with the breakfast selection . 
( restaurants , bars , spa , Pool , fitnes , very Good staff ) very Good GUEST RELATIONS staff . 
The food choices were outstanding . 
All the services were great . 
I of course recommend Dana Beach ! 
Had a very good stay for two nights . 
walking When problem were presented to the General Manager Mr Y. A. we were moved to two adjacent family closer rooms to these facilities and given also the blue bands allocated to repeat visitors , he could have been not helpful more . 
we really our enjoyed stay this time as we did staying when in 2010 . 
Excellent hotel . 
It 's the best hotel in Hurghada for us ! ! ! 
The owners maintained the very well place . 
Owners were very generous with the breakfast servings . 
Perfect in every way 
very helpful Staff . 
amazing Absolutely for the price we paid ! 
The service at the LEVEL lounge bar was amazing , there was a hostess named Anna , she was so friendly , smart , very elegant and us treated as VIPs . 
We will come certainly back next when year we have another event at Lanxess Arena 
We had our experienced best holiday ever stay , so far . 
We had a very enjoyable stay at the hotel . 
The rooms were very clean and the really friendly staff . 
Very nice hotel ! 
Very very good . 
This was the most picturesque of Tuscany and I cannot wait until I can go back again . 
This is a Seven star Hotel . 
The staff were very friendly . 
Perfect stay ! 
Would highly it recommend ! 
Best ever vacation ! 
Very conected well to Amsterdam city center · 8 min walk + 25 subway mins 
The Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof is a great place to stay in Frankfurt . 
This my was holiday favourite place I have been ever to ! 
The Sheraton Hotel Jumeriah is highly recommendable . 
The Hotel and Staff were welcoming very . 
It 's one of the best holidays we had ever in hurghada . 
Very good parking possibilties . 
The hotel was very nice . 
Pools are awesome . 
Service of all staff was wonderful . 
Very good hotel 
Dana is the best and we will be back again and again . 
The service was excellent from the very beginning and the organization of the conference I attended was outstanding . 
Otherwise , they are all trying very , very , very friendly . 
We stayed six night in this hotel , and we were very safisfied . 
So the location is very convenient . 
The resort is absolutely beautiful . 
Great Price for Weekday stay . 
A very pleasant place 
Do their try fish , I had a delicious meal that evening . 
Melia Grand Hermitage ... hard to it leave ! 
Melia Grand Hermitage is just awesome 
Best hotel in Hurghada 
Front desk is extremely well trained and very positive . 
I will be returning definitely on my next trip to Holland ! 
Have stayed for Christmas in this wonderful hotel . 
Very near to the beach . 
We recommend highly this hotel . 
best Egypts hotel at Hurghada , Dana Beach ! 
The price was amazing , the service perfect . 
Rooms , food wonderful . 
The Hotel Gilde in Deventer , NL on Niuewstraat is the best hotel I have been ever in ! 
breathtaking Absolutely 
Wellness offer and quality are very good . 
Excellent restaurants offering a wide range . 
Excellent hotel 
The central location and the friendly staff is perfect . 
Very friendly staff ! 
The hotel is very very very very very very very excellent . 
Great hospitality 
We found this little hotel at an incredibly cheap price and decided to book it . 
Rooms were very clean . 
We were suprised very over the staffs knowledge of foreign languages . 
Its basically a luxury cruise ship concept but on land . 
It was an excellent time had by all and I would recommend highly this resort to my family and friends . 
We had a very nice stay in Dana Beach with 8 tennisfriends . 
Ideal location for the Forum convention center . 
The most importen thing are that everyone who is working there , are the most good peopel we meet ever . 
Sri Lanka · we will come again ! 
Very good restaurant and bar . 
This hotel offers good value for money ! ! ! 
I would rank this one among the top five of visits · ever ! 
Alphons was very helpful in us helping with directions in the as well area as places to visit . 
Very cool hotel 
Great Hotel ! 
Our room was very clean as was the whole hotel . 
In all other respects · great ! 
Big pluss is the huge park in connection to the hotel . 
The breakfast and diner aerea was freezing ! 
Location is perfect . 
We have arrived just from this marvelous place . 
For people who want some rest and it relaxatio is great realy . 
The hotel is very clean ! 
Great value for money 
Our holiday was very nice . 
We were very satisfied with the hotel . 
The price of the room was very reasonable as well and we will again now book with the early definitely discounts . 
The suprise for honeymooners was very special to us . 
Great holiday with an awesome animation team 
Amazing holiday 
Everything was great . 
The double rooms are perfect and very clean . 
The rooms with a small kitchen are recommended highly for those who want to save money and enjoy the delicacies that can be found at the weekly market in the old part of Rimini ! 
A wonderful range of food for breakfast and we were offered scrambled egg on toast · after 3 weeks in france on bread and jam this was a feast to behold . 
A great location 
Martha and Alphons are fantastic hosts . 
We had eight rooms and all eight couples were made to feel very welcome on arrival . 
Such a lovely hotel , everything was excellent 
hotel chic ! 
All in all everything was very good . 
But very silent at night . 
One of the best holidays I have had . 
The best all inclusive service I have experienced ever in Egypt . 
recommended Higly !!!!!! 
Rooms with a view on other site are very quiet . 
We enjoyed very much . 
Everybody speaks Russian and it is very easy to get informed if you need something . 
Frankfurt 's finest ! 
We will come back for sure 
For as well business trips as for short stays · great place to stay at . 
Absolutely horrible accommodation for the money 
All very friendly staff and service was excellent . 
THE BEST ANIMATIONS which I 've seen ever especially · water gym with Sasha and kuku ! ! ! 
The great hotel in Turkey 
Great resort 
Dana Beach · a bit of heaven on earth . 
Very Good fantastic Hotel Food 
Great stay at Ibis Bilbao in November 
The location and surrounding is very arranged lovely . 
Excellent 5 star hotel 
The staff us made feel very welcome from the time we checked in ... to our departure . 
Thank you for such a wonderful experience . 
This hotel has everything ! 
The surroundings and the park around the hotel was very nice . 
All our requests were handled perfectly by saff . 
very good hotel ! ! 
The beach was very nice . 
The rooms are very clean . 
All the sercices was very Good . 
The staff was really great and the service was superb . 
We cant began to say enough good things about our stay , but we will be definitely back this year ! ! ! 
They serve a really nice breakfast . 
Surprise great · food , room and service 
Hotel was great with a superb staff , room and restaurants . 
Excellent hotel and staff 
It is a unique blend of the old world royal charm and the modern luxuries . 
The food is great especially · Bubba 's Steakhouse ( ate there twice ) . 
can be Definitely recommended highly . 
We had an excellent vacation , nothing but credit . 
The staff at the Club Hotel Dolphin was very helpfull , they are taking care about the guests ! 
Really lovely resort 
Great holiday in Dana Beach Resort 
Excellent beach resort 
The food in general is very very also good the rooms 
Excellent hotel &amp; service . 
This is a very pleasant hotel . 
Best in class 
Best hotel we have been to ! 
We enjoyed a very nice weekend break in the Köln Dorint . 
Loved the amination especially staff Eran , is a true friend for life 
Fantastic food , breathtaken view from the bar . 
Very good 
Always is one of the best hotel I use ever . 
Fantastic view to the old city 
Best Holiday we have had in years 
Bar is very good . 
Excellent selection of food , choice of restaurants and bars . 
Very everywhere clean . 
The best hotel we know 
Couldn 't ask for a better resort · the people are just amazing . 
Love this resort ! 
i found the titanic beach and spa a fantastic hotel to stay in. i stayed for a month in march 2012 also a month in november 2012 and again a month in february 2013 the staff were fantastic . 
Everybody is doing ther job exelent . 
Although view of the mountains from my balcony was very nice . 
The most enjoyable vacation for me and family 
It has been created from a very pleasant grounds a wonderful facility . 
Delightful situation and the view of the canal could have been not better . 
The best hotel in Hurghada . 
The atmosphere was relaxing so with the gardens , walkways , old buildings and even the staff . 
The staff 's foreign languages and general competences were excellent . 
A definitely highly recommended hotel . 
We liked really that . 
But the rooms were indeed very comfortable and the food excellent ! 
Wonderful facility , but ... 
Excellent Hotel . 
But as I said all the personal was very okay . 
Two things were especially great . 
Breakfast was super . 
Likewise , the restaurant is excellent . 
It was a great pleasure to be with you . 
Wonderful time 
Interior is superb as well as rooms . 
Alphons &amp; amp ; Martha are excellent hosts , most accommodating &amp; amp ; helpful our finding way and with use of their facilities over and above expectations , without being intrusive . 
Rooms are very clean . 
Stayed at the Ritz · Carlton South due Beach to a conference and the experience was excellent . 
Room service is too excellent . 
breakfast is wonderfull 
Food and drinks were great . 
I will come definitely back ! 
Idea Hotel Milano San Siro 
The food there was incredible . 
That 's for sure : I 'LL BE BACK ! ! ! ! ! 
I would recommend highly the hotel to all my friends and colleagues visiting the area . 
Loved this holiday . 
Best place to stay in a very middle of Paris 
The service was excellent . 
The service was marvellous ! 
The bed was exceptionally comfy . 
I have to say that I 've had a very nice holiday in this hotel . 
Location is absolutely top · going shopping or doing business . 
One should of course mention the location · it is Top ! 
My impressions are generally very good and I feel 
This hotel is awesome ! 
Rent a car , as well cycling or to visit the mountain village of Agia marina.Chania and especially this hotel have our stolen hearts . 
We had a wonderful stay in Sri Lanka . 
Great holiday ! 
Great choice . 
Save that , I recommend definitely the hotel . 
Best holiday in hotel Topaz Club 
We spent 5days touring Sri Lanka and 7 days at the Club Hotel Dolphin in what can be described only as our best holiday to dat . 
Mamlouk was great ! 
Dana Beach is a top hotel ! 
The rooms are huge . 
I strongly it recommend . 
Nicest ever hotel ! 
I would most recommend certainly this hotel ! ! 
the very stuff helpfull 
The atmosphere is very good . 
Overall our stay at the Grand Palladium was the best vacation I have had ever . 
Very happy with food 
A fantastic weekend break at the sea 
While the hotel is owned not by Marriot so the price was lower much . 
Fantasic hotel . 
Wonderful people and wonderful place . 
It my was first visit at the hotel and I have to say that I am very pleased with my experience . 
The hotel has an very well underground garage secured . 
But on average , it is great . 
Sausages and mashrooms which are served in the morning are very good . 
Hospitality and services at the highest level . 
But despite that we would recommend definately this hotel for holidays and we had a very good there time . 
also Have stayed in other hotels and to me NH CARLTON is definitely the best . 
Breakfast is wonderful ! 
Personal is very en very hard friendly work to please the people 
Very pleasant stay at this hotel . 
Best holidays ever ! 
Just great 
I loved rooftop swimming pool ! 
Absolutely wonderful 
Our best holiday to date 
Entertainment program was very Good . 
A wonderful stay ! 
It my was second Stay at this wonderful hotel and it was just great . 
) The five free restaurants gave an excellent choice of food although beach bar was just chips , burgers , hotdogs ( occasional BBQ fish ) and salad . 
The staff is very friendly and always ready to help , with some of them it is a difficult little to talk , but it 's okay . 
A little piece of heaven 
The location of this hotel can 't be beat . 
Top hotel . 
thank you for this great time · I will come back for sure ... 
Hotel Massena is located perfectly near Opera in Paris . 
Köln is really worth visiting , and the Dorint a very comfortable place to stay . 
welcoming Very ! 
The perfect resort for the perfect holiday 
Paradise on earth 
Mamlouk resort was great . 
Keep on going with good te work ! 
The hotel is great . 
We had a 4 · month old · baby with us and the personnel was very keen to find a good table for us and the stroller . 
Staff is very capable ; beds are comfortable super ; breakfast buffett is awesome ; airport shuttle service the moct convenient I have had ever . 
The atmosphere and staff were wonderful . 
Sasha , Tyson , Kristina , Emeli , Denis ... very friendly staff . 
The staff was absolutely wonderful , nothing was too much trouble for them . 
Awesome resort and vacation 
Cleanless is very good in all the zones 
Very Good services 
Every time is a wonderfull holiday 
Our best holiday ever stay , so far 
The Italian coffecorner Columbus is great. also the service of the staff is excellent . 
Excellent 
Melia is the best hotel in Bulgaria ! 
Great all inclusive trip ! 
Breakfast is very good , dinner is excellent . 
The pool bartenders were extremely pleasant and always attentive of our needs . 
Dana Beach Resort great · ! 
Reception staff was very friendly . 
A very nice Resort with 100 % comfort . 
Great place for business and pleasure ! 
It was a perfect choice for wonderful holidays ! 
We had a great one night stay at the hotel . 
Excellent vacationd &amp; honeymoon 
Perfect hotel 
The pool was amazing , the entertainment was excellent . 
the biggest room in Golden Sands and i think biggest hotel bathroom in Bulgaria . 
checking When in and out the staff was very friendly . 
Water was very clean . 
overall Great vacation · part of wedding party 
Great place to stay for extended weekend . 
The personnel work excellent ......... 
Very personal friendly . 
The hotel looks spectacular . 
Great size room , incredible pool . 
A really enjoyable holiday 
Hotel and Villa Dievole was absolutely stunning . 
The location is excellent situated at the end of Avenue Louise with lots of fancy shops and restaurants are close by . 
Spa area excellent with grewat gym facilities . 
The reception was most helpful in every way . 
Breakfast in decorated superbly and furnished lounge is delicious ( though overcharged somewhat ... try so to book your room at the NH Carlton breakfast included ) and view on the city is great . 
very much Hotel staff . 
The rooms were excellent and the standard of impeccable cleanliness . 
For the 2nd time a fantastically stay 
Melia is the best hotel ! 
Best in town 
I suggest the staff tell quests proper etiquette and dress for use of those as well facilities as additional so signage guests like us can enjoy the excellent facilities . 
The hotel offered great leisure activities . 
Topaz hotel for a wonderful holiday in Hurghada 
The hotel room was top class . 
This hotel is perfect if you need some relaxing and lovely · week end with your partner . 
Outbeaten cleanliness noticed from lobby to room . 
IT was the best vacation I 've had ever .... 
Excellent holiday and excellent staff 
Amazing value for money and excellent location . 
The hotel staff were also great . 
Again an very vriendly receptionist . 
Amazing hotel 
We all enjoyed , a lot ! 
Perfect 
The best about this hotel its is location . 
Top of the Tops . 
Mo ) but also all the others were very friendly . 
We really our enjoyed stay . 
The showers are a dream . 
Its position beside Nells Park was lovely and our room was excellent with superb bathroom and shower . 
Hotel is perfect ! 
Best hotel 
Breakfast is recommended highly also , as are drinks in the ( rather pricy ) bar . 
Will come back for sure ! 
Animation is great , especially the cool Riko , that at speaks english least , otherwise yourself prepare to an Russian intensive speaking course . 
The meeting room was very serviced well ( the coffee machine was fabulous ) and we were able to focus on our Agenda without having to worry about the operational elements of the visit . 
