Bathroom was and equipped ( including a rubber duck ! 
Very and we went all inclusive all the guests were Russian apart from me been English and my partner Polish that was the 1st week and then a few German 's arrived quite a few guests but most ok 
The staff is concerning special for restaurants and otherwise also very forthcoming . 
My kids were very with the pool ( there are two ) and the lift that takes you from pool level to the beach and versa . 
Clean and room ( you could still the new in the hall ) . 
This Travelodge is placed in the City Centre and a short walk from the station and a short walk to the shops , restaurants etc . that Leeds has to offer . 
Second day was toilet cleaned and rest of our stay we had no with this . 
Central location , very professional 
Yes , it really was a experience and we visited various places but the most part of the trip was our stay at the Oberoi Udaivilas Luxury Hotel . 
We have two teenagers , who were again in this hotel Ansd in the first week was olso my mum with us , sastisfied with food , cleaness , of staff ( she doesen t speak foreign languages . 
Hotel location is close to the center of Baku , even though it is located in area , when all the hotels are located in the seashore . 
Good location to explore Lyon 
I can this hotel . 
We the time on the beach and the of the people working there . 
Free gym was and spa though I didn 't use it . 
They were there just to keep us . 
Friendly , hotel , with sound , so in general no from outside the room ! ! ! ! 
Tho Hotel it 's self was okay . 
The tables were and the staff was and it wasn 't over · crowded at all . 
Our stay was a real and we are looking forward to come again . ( we booked already once your hotel and we made a in the booked days and we realised only the day before our leaving at home that the period we taught we had booked , had already passed by , so we were very that this time every thing was getting out ) 
Its also surprisingly close to the train ( Amsterdam Amstel station ) and trams . 
Can not 
The metro ( station Les Gobelins ) is close , and bus stops to take you to the centre or the other side of the river are also nearby . 
Very close to Flower Market , Pathé cinema , bars for every kind ... . Very nearby tram stop . 
The Eurostars Madrid Tower is a very hotel with tasteful decoration . 
food was was of a quality and presented in the five restaraunts . 
There were a few Stag weekenders checking in when we were however we didn 't experience any or unpleasantness that would stop us from coming back in the future for our city to Leeds . 
Just place for business 
The rooms looked very every day , your room completely done . and then there 's the animation is very organized for kids and for older people 's show every night . and this girl elina I must you for this holiday In this hotel 
Every need is attended to very quickly and . 
For Amsterdam , this Hotel is value . 
It was a experience for my family to stay in the hotel.The staff was very and helpful.athe amenities which the hotel offers are value for money.I strongly this hotel and in a future if I visit Bulgaria I will choose it as my hotel again . 
The hotel provides shuttle taxi to different places on the Strip , rooms are quite and . 
the staff was frienly and the rooms were new renovarted in a style . very and . a lot of opportunitys possible and an ideal hotel for a buiseness stay or city trip 
The hotel rooms are OK by European standards . 
If you are traveling alone , for business purpose , the hotel is because it is next to the convention center and next to a subway station . 
The old villa was recently and it was to have all comforts in the of an 18th Century palace . 
Some ( rated ) restaurants outside the hotel as . 
However its a daily exercise . 
I liked the pool area , sauna and hamam . 
And the pool has no shadows on it at all . 
Thanks to you , we came back tp Poland and . 
Overall this is a very hotel for couples , families and likely even for singles , considering it 's proximity to the beach as as Rimini 's main thoroughfare . 
Great family hotel 
Everything was and the en · suite bathroom was placed . 
The villa was very , with living room with private terrace , bathroom and a really bed . 
The staff are profession if by the book . 
hte bathing facilities were . 
They were , and . 
Stayed one more last month and keep being a customer . 
The Ibis Leeds is generally a hotel for its price . 
The hotel features Wireless Internet which is also , which allows you to and surf without any . 
Rimini contemporary 
The food was really they had a range that catered for all tastes . 
The all inclusive is 24 hours so the nightclub actually gets used for what it 's there for as normally once the all inclusive finishes people tend to begrudge paying for drinks so go back to there room so this is that you don 't have to and people stay in there . 
We would like to the preciseness and quality of tha staff 's services , especially in the restaurant . 
I was only in castelo restaurat but there you can find all kind of food . holiday 
All the entertainment a tourist would like to have from music , tournaments , swimming pools , beaches , video games , cinema etc . are . 
everything was alright , by the way , i would come again , if i travel to egypt . the hotel manager is very and helpfull . also the service of the staff , 
Receptionists are very and are in any request of . 
It 's about 15 · 20 minutes walk to the city center . 
This budget hotel is in a generally OK condition , the room and the bathroom were in a shape . 
You just cross the boulevar du Periferique and you are in zone 1 or public transportation . 
A very domicile in a environment 
Great hotel , kind personnel , food 
Maid service is . 
We booked a room with sea view and the view was really amasing . 
In summary the hotel is a option for short stays / city . 
The Metro also has a key station minutes from the front door . 
Rooms are and decorated . 
The breakfast was . 
In general , the hotel is , with a large car park . 
Big of nationality and age . 
We had a week in Melia Hotel and it . 
Nice hotel for short stay · close to downtown 
Great design hotel , where every detail is looked after . 
Nothing was too much . 
We were treated to a full breakfast daily and the staff was and very . 
I 've been back to this hotel three times now as my experience each time was , the rooms are and and the hotel considering its 20 years old is in condition . 
Hotel interior is very and . 
This is a hotel for location , very close to the main railway station and walking distance to the centre of town . 
Friendy staff and location 
Nice winter city trip in Köln 
They keep in repair very ; they were painting now the balcony and in the passed yaer they had made new foot · paths . 
Great and rooms , food , staff so our conclusion about this hotel is that 's a , place to go to and we would like to and invite everybody to book their vacationPickalbatros Dana Beach . 
What a hotel resort , when one thinks of 700 rooms but always lots of space , the pools and the beach were constantly cleaned and manicured and sun beds were more than for everyone , with pool and beach towels always . 
Nevertheless , because of its location aside the liverpool One Shopping centre , with a lot of bars and restaurant , I continue going there when travelling to Liverpool . 
Other than the aforesaid , i have nothing to about Club Dolphin during my several visits . 
Its extremely , the staff are . 
Very kitchen and pub . 
Although we stayed at a very busy time ( the last few days of Octoberfest ) , the staff paid attention to detail and we felt very . 
And there is small pool on the roof too ! 
We come back in any case ! 
Nice hotel in the middle of Holland . 
the hotel is very and all the people who are working their are very and to help . 
The atmosphere in this hotel is professional and at the same time . 
the waiters in pirates ( 276 ) bar was and could speak English . 
Ideal for late arrivals 
My basic room had robe and slippers , Nespresso machine and minibar drinks . 
I will come back there . 
The landscaped grounds , the new children 's playground , just about everything last year was not yet finished . 
It 's in a location just a few steps from the strip , behind Flamingo . 
Very and rooms . 
The staff was extremely , the layout was , the architecture was , and the sea was literally a few steps from our hotel room . 
Our room was spacy and and the bathroom was as . 
My breakfast was more than . 
Deira City Center shoping mall is across the street and a metro station is just outside the entrance of hotel . 
Thoroughly holiday 
A setting by the sea · Ijust wish Ihad had time to make more of the very facilities on offer . 
Breakfast is . 
After calling reception , they offered me an upgrade . 
The hotel had parking and was near a subway station that brought you straight to the city center . 
The room ( standard room ) had all the you need and the breakfast we had was . 
At restourant you can eat typical Tuscan food , very ( pizza was special ) . 
A hotel , food 
Really hotel , and room , choice of food and drinks in different restaurant , beach near the hotel , very people ( animators , waiters , cooks , receptionist , cleaning men ... ) , animations program · step aerobic , oriental dance and specially water gym : · ) and at night disco . 
Great place , and staff 
Thank you for a stay 
Everybody was very kind and . 
Economically priced hotel 
A lot of food with local products , a place to relax , a . 
Definitely we will be back at this hotel , next time in London . 
directly next to the hotel a really pizzeria . 
This B & amp ; amp ; B was very and . 
We hade a bigger room with a place to relax and sit down . 
Quite hotel , value for money 
It is a small hotel which one can easily oversee with all the shops around . 
The feature is the location if you are interested in climbing · it is in walking distance of a wide of climbs . 
Straight forward and reception personnel , us to order a table for Flamenco , with to go about town . 
Nice hotel with staff and a lot of food ! 
Good hotel , no 
We stayed on an all inclysive service and we could not the food or drink in any of the hotels restaurants or bars and the waiter service was totally five star . 
Actually the tram stop is just outside the hotel . 
The hotel was and organized . 
The place is for couples in leisure holidays or for business trips . 
I did like the way they solved the food situation , you basically get a budget you can use in a canine like restaurant that was very . 
Nice hotel in the centre of Nes . 
A hotel for a price . 
Good choice 
The service is and in any case . 
The rooms were and big , with balcony , close to the swiming pool , but when you close the door to balcony you diidn t hear the from outside . 
On the other side the hotel building is full of character and charme 
Also have several deskstop computers for guest use . 
The hotel is working together with diffrent restaurants in the city of Woerden . 
Great hotel and I would it to anyone . 
Also not far from the Sablon and downtown , so overall very located . 
We took the package of the honeymooners , and we spent one of the holidays ever ! 
Good staff , bed and breakfast . 
This hotel has a location , in the heart of Gran Via , and if you need to go somewhere , it is in front of a subway station . 
Relaxing & amp ; ! 
We have passed 2 nights at the hotel and it ´ s main is the very central location just near the Great Wheel and the bridge . 
The waiters were , and . 
I 'll come back here next year ! 
My husband became in recent years and the help we received from the staff made it a holiday we could relax and without any to myself . 
The hotel staff were and welcoming and were always with directions . 
OK hostel 
room was of a high standard and the hotel grounds were kept and always being tended to . 
The staff was and . 
Only plus is the view of the city from the fitness room . 
The street was very alive even in the evening hours . 
They are and . 
Afterwards I in the Pool / Spa with sauna , steam bath and massage and tanning . 
Dorint an der Messe Cologne is a very 4 · star hotel . 
The attending staff were and in the breakfast room . 
There is WIFI in the hotel . 
Although we did not have dinner in the very restaurant , we had a breakfast with a lot of choice and a view on the surrounding gardens . 
There were parking spaces in front of the hotel . 
dana beach is a large with a lake running the entire length of the . 
Attending for are ok . 
This should not by any means you from staying ! 
Overall this is a budget accommodation ( I booked one bed in a dorm ) for one weekend for people on a budget . 
The neightborhood is , very central . 
I the central location ; it was very near to the Barcelona ’ s main touristic street – La Rambla . 
I travel the world and have never seen such a and professional staff ! 
Spacious room and style ( not old like in other polish hotel ) 
Perfect location allows to visit all interested places in Barcelona . 
Hotel is , very & amp ; . 
We keep coming back 
I staying there , and have spoken very highly of this hotel to my friends and colleagues . 
Lovely and , rooms , location . 
The rates are rock low so you pay for what you get for . 
We have been very plaesantly surprised , we liked the overall location and the hotel itself even more we had expected to do so based on the reviews and photos online . 
Definitively a place for a business trip or a holiday . 
The is very , breakfast is and , staff is and trying to do things as as possible . 
Surprising stay ! 
The food was very , I especially liked the breakfast because there were a lot of different kinds of cheese , and for dinner the Asian restaurant is my . 
All was and i would come again to visit 
This was one of the most hotels I 've stayed ever , in a district of Paris not commonly on the tourist map , but still just a short walk away from Montmartre and Gare du Nord for Eurostar and other high · speed rail connections and airport RER line B , this hotel was a discovery for us . 
Good budget location for budget travelers 
Very close there are lots of narrow old streets with shopping of all kind and you can also find excusive cloth boutiques , antic shops for books and funiture , etc . Afew blocks away there ia also a large walking street with shopping and restaurants and in every corner you will find bars where you can sit down and rest your legs and down with a drink ! 
The food was and varieous . 
+ Next to the city center Port Vieuz 
There is a bar in the hotel as as a restaurant , and also in the immediate surroundings there are places to stay , if you 'd like to . 
Lagune with boat to the beach was . 
Animation team , just , very guys and animation has always been a very interesting.In swimming pool water is always warm.Barman is , it makes cocktails before your eyes.I advise everyone to relax in this hotel ! 
At the hotel , staff members were always and . 
Staff at reception and breakfast was ± , and . 
All in all , that 's it , a very accomodation that can be considered if you can cope with the . 
There were 4 restaurants , so you can choose where to dine or lunch . 
VIP area at the pool and in the garden , special SPA treatment and many other special services ... 
The location is ok if you are used to walk . 
In this area there is Rungis market , the largest food market in the world . 
It is few minutes away from everything you might need . 
The rooms are big and very . 
Ample towels and toiletries were provided which many other B & amp ; amp ; B don 't usually provide . 
We was there with two dogs , areas to take the dogs out for walk and dogs very , even in the restaurant . 
Louvre , Notre Dame , Centre Pompidou and river Seine are less than 5 mins walk . 
The animation team makes you feel during your stay . 
Make sure to go downstairs for a breakfast ; the buffet had a selection ! 
The hotel is furnished . 
Everything ok 
Ancient charme outside , very inside 
Treated like Royalty ! 
Nice * * * star hotel in the middle of Holland . 
Within 7 minutes you are in the centre of Koln Altstadt . 
Staff prepared and kind . 
Once inside , the and atmosphere of the lobby will quickly remind you why you chose this hotel . 
What I liked was a balcony in the room , bathroom with all necessary things , TV with a lot of channels ( English , Russian , Azerbaijan , German and so on ) . 
Superb pool areas and large aqua park area . 
A hotel , take time to explore ! 
Dorint an der Messe is a hotel for businesstrips and a city . 
I would this hotel to everyone , business travellers and families ! 
We are looking forward to hear Calimera everywhere again and to the really hospitality of these people ... .. 
Beautiful and 
Would definitely stay here again . 
Conveniently located on Södermalm , close to the tube 
The price is ok , the rooms are and functional . 
There is no much to say , it is my 7th year I am spending holidays in this hotel . 
The food was and varied . the is vast and . 
Nice Hotel with size of rooms . 
Lovely beach area with access for snorkelling and some water sports . 
A taste of Egypt 
It is place where you can sleep and internet is working very and reliable but as thanks to the huge mall you will have chance to buy just couple of steps outside the hotel almost everything as as taste cusines from all over the world . 
Wonderful Hotel , Clean Friendly very 
Hotel offers spa , large pool area and space on its beach where I relaxing after the game . 
It is really close to the centre of Nes and you are within minutes at the beach with the bike . 
Mr. Hussein , the hotelmanager want the guests to e holiday in the hotel.The staff is very , they speak English and some of them speak Dutch as . 
Really hotel , and confortable 
My husaband and i travelled with our 2 adult children and their partner and the holiday was all we could have hoped for with surroundings , but not staff and food . 
food people 
The staff was really and also the rooms were . 
i would like to all staff of the hotel for their attitude to us and express special thanks to Balu and his animation team for their mood , , entertaintments , i have never laughed so much in my life is in their shous ) 
I know we will go back that 's for sure ! 
My favourite hotel in Cologne 
The People are and the Food is . 
Near the hotel there is a bus stop that goes to the RER station . 
Well located for access to town . 
5 star hotel with access and location to Frankfurt airport . 
Checkin was , and . 
Close to all the points in Bilbao and still a little bit off the tourist track . 
Nice wellness and breakfast staffs . 
It is minutes from numerous restaurants , bars , etc . and centrally located between the Prado and the Palace · · for walking . 
Everything was in the way as possible ! 
It was held and everyone was very . 
Great music and moments that we will always remember . 
value for money , breakfast and wellness facilities . 
I got an upgrade to Executive suite at no cost . 
Sun & amp ; relax for families 
Transfer from the airport to the hotel we had a ( ask about a transfer at the information desk at the airport ) . 
Nice hotel with staff . 
A confortable hotel , large rooms and service . 
Beautiful hotel with staff holiday 
It is more a city hotel with all the comforts . 
In April we will be back for a very sunny relaxing week 
Being located on the beach and the of the room made my stay that much more and the transition from business to very . 
Room was very and large with english speaking room boy who was very and helpfull . 
The studio rooms were very , and kept very , with furniture and relaxing colors . 
Simply Good , the Park behind the Hotel is an . 
Metro , buses and train stations are near . 
Would stay again if revisiting the town . 
It is and the room had a coffee / tea machine for your own coffee or tea ! 
But you are so close to restaurants and bars that there is really no reason to eat in . 
It was a stay and all of my travel was gone before I left ! The breakfast was one of a kind . 
It is a , spot , where you could cuddle with your in the most dreamy way ! 
A big hotel ( about 700 rooms ? ) and a slendid garden and in some swimmingpool water . 
Hotel was very , and maintained . 
My room was very and the air condition . 
The personnel is very , there were many facilities ( beach bar , restaurant , mini market , cafe ) and the service was at a high level . 
Every time I come to the hotel , all staff welcomes me , feels like coming home 
Great room , , quit . 
This is budget hotel near La Rambla and Montjuic ( Jean Miro Institute seeing ) . 
If you really want a from your current lifestyle , it 's a and destination . 
The room was , cleaned really everyday with a view , food tasted and there was lots of choice the hotel is the i have ever stayed in and my expectations . 
The spa , sauna and jaccuzzi are and it is easily to access from your bedroom thanks to dedicaced lift . 
The food is . 
The tram stops just in front of the hotel . 
Numerous shopping and dining areas within walking distance . 
This hotel has an location , just across the bridge from the Palace of Westminster and at walking distance to numerous touristic attractions . 
Very hotel . 
However , the windows held almost all away which made it to sleep in the hotel . 
Good location and price , room is always 
Also a word to the restaurant `` Volvereta `` on the 30th floor : and views . 
If we plan another visit to Cologne , we would certainly stay at this hotel again . 
I am looking forward to be back in Dec. After the renovation is completed beginning of Nov . Excellent spot for a holiday 
This is a very quite hotel next to Trafford Shopping Center . 
The quality of food in the hotel restaurant is with a wide range of things for breakfasts . 
Free shuttle bus to / from the airport . 
We were treated like royalty 
The rooms are and · furnished . 
There is a small Park next to the hotel which is to take a walk . 
Everything was and I 'd like to visit this resort again ! 
The Pension offered this room which was big to fit us . 
Nice lounge on the floor . 
It was an time with animaters · espaccely Emily Amel · we you ; · ) we had so much in this hotel ... 
This is a hotel , very located in the town of Ness . 
For me and my friend it was the perfekt Hotel for our purpose to a week at the beach and do some trips to Kallithea or to Kassandria ( every Thursday there is a market and this is and a alternation ; ) ) All in all we are . 
The Room was cleaned daily to a high standard , Cold drinks were replinished daily . 
There are two reasons to choose this hotel : relatively low price comparing to other centrally located hotels and location in walking distance from the main station . 
Hip in Louise area of Brussels 
Bathroom is large and quality toiletries were provided , including bathrobes and slippers for the entire family . 
Friendly , hosts 
The major plus : location is and the price . 
We will come back to Dana Beach . 
However the room only cost 75 Euros for the night . 
Beautiful wellness hotel close to city centre Koln 
Very hotel situated in the middle of Paris next to Les Halles metro and RER station . 
every thing in the hotel was , the location near the river 
A very all inclusive hotel 
The weather was every day , the beach was . 
All of the staff that we met were both and . 
Good room and climation . 
The wellness is an absolute pluspoint , tram to the centre of cologne stops in front . 
The staff was very helpfull and . 
A basic experience 
That said , it is and . 
In the morning the hotel provided a breakfast with juices and typical croissants . 
First impression was . 
Personnel is . 
They were both in providing directions and general info . 
8th stay 
A la carte restaurant steak House was in a very location on the golf field . 
Thanks to the stuff , management , it was the holiday 
Topaz Club · a visit 
Very value for money , competent and personnel to help and offer a service . 
There is a washbasin in the room and also a kettle with tea and coffee provided and replenished during service . 
Always a stay 
Many restaurants are close by , the receptionists have been to give a about place to eat and the neighborhoods for pintxos hopping ! ! ! ! ! 
You can easily find connections to every tourist attractions from there . 
It was the second time at Dana Beach and we were that the childrens swimmingpool was also heated now . 
A choice for a relaxing and weekend 
The rooms are , with design , and there are no keys , rather fingerprints let you through to you room . 
The hotel is located in a centre of Tallinn just at a very short walking distance from the old city and at a short driving distance from the airport . 
Sunrise Mamlouk is very hotel with architecture an gardens , the atmosphere was , room , the food very tasty , and relaxing music in the restaurant . 
The atmosphere is , it 's very . 
It 's a holiday resort to go to I it to anybody ! 
The conference room was and , timing was , all the staff and professional ! 
the room very and room service are immidiately come 
City of food 
They are very and about Spakenburg and the surrounding area . 
swimmingpool , area and chears 
The room was and the food was . 
The rooms were and ; the staff very . 
This is a hotel , in Tuscan location . 
Diner was and the choice at breakfast was too . 
But it was value for an adult vacation in Madrid . 
Within 5 minutes walking distance were tube stations and bus stations . 
It was close to the Metro and therefore to get to the centre of Amsterdam . 
Nice hotel in a very location 
Nice , and yet hotel area with all the things you want for a beach holiday inside the hotel area . 
Well the money and time spent . 
I can ’ t explain in words how this place looks . 
Parking is of course no and the shuttle service is so I left my car in the hotel parking to take my mother to the airport . 
French ' n 
On the day I had been in a number of meetings , so when coming back , I did that the hotel was and offered a restaurant which had a selection of different foods . 
the food is really and all day long ( I 'm a italian ) , as as the drinks , there is a espresso at the columbus bar . 
Quiet , large , feeling of . 
Swimmingpools ! ! ! 
Good location on Nevskii 
The staff were . 
We are we chose the Casa 400 . 
5 stars 
A table to in your room . 
Especially the team of the main restaurant was really professionell and . 
foyer , staff were . 
Anyway the hotel is and personnel is very and kind . 
A very Hotel in a park area with food and wine . 
Very and room ! 
Perfect holiday 
Quite hotel in location 
Service on the other hand was very and the stuff is quite international : ) 
Rooms large and very comfortable.Lounge areas very large and decorated . 
Breakfast is above average . 
There are conference rooms with all necessary infrastructure , location allowing you to have evening , pool , restaurants , internet , 5 minutes to airport · everything you need to do a business and relax after that . 
The hotel is close to everything Frankfurt has to offer . 
shows and enterainment 
Hotel really and minimal . 
Very was for me active rest during holiday.My expectations about that meet team of animators , especially : Aldo and Negga and girls of aerobic.They are proffesional , and always young people.The animation team are have attitude to life and doing job in hotel . 
The reason to choose Lord Byron hotel was it 's location and price . 
This is a hotel in grounds in a location a couple of miles outside the city of York · to which it is very connected by park · and · ride bus service . 
All in the hotel was possitive . 
The swimming pool for families with children and another one for a relax . 
Swiming swans in the pond and park view from lobby 
( the Russians where ) I will go back to this hotel next year as we had a holiday . 
very at the reception , very and personnel , especially at the bar and during breakfast , a really experience overall , had a relaxing drink at the bar , visited the cigarrum smokers lounge and had a start into the day at the very assorted breakfast buffet . 
Right at the start of Vitosha street , and within walking distance of all attractions in the center and subway station . 
I would this hotel both for business as for pleaseure / family visit of Cologne . 
You are located among the vineyards and olive trees . 
It 's not review . 
One of the cleanest Travelodges I 've been to ! 
As a young couple the hotel gave us what we expected . 
The hotel itself is . 
Breakfast varied and . 
We will surely visit it again next summer ! 
Its a Hotel with rooms . 
Clean , people . 
Because there are so few English who stay here the staff are delighed to talk to you ! 
Food was , as .. It is not to the views down the beach from the large private terrace assoiated with our suite . 
Should I return to Dubai again , I will certainly stay there again . 
Apart from a bed , I do also ask for a big bathroom , which the standard rooms in this hotel offers . 
The in the hotel , the size of the room , the overal , the big size of the room and the bathroom was very . 
Good for bed and breakfast 
Great hotel directly on the strip ! 
Close to Amsterdam and the highway . 
Free wifi was of a speed . 
Hotel in Siena close to railway station 
Still option though if you want to be on the strip for a price . 
The food and is with a staff . 
There are all conditions for your . 
The first floor 24 hr bar was run and no matter what time of day there was always a waiter on hand to serve . 
A hotel within the Hilton standard . 
An place to stay with hosts . 
The room was . 
Food is and all tastes . 
The staff were and . 
Resort / rooms and . 
Fantastic and place . 
There is absolutely nothing to about the hotel . 
A place to go and we are planning to return as soon as we can . 
The holiday was everything we 've hoped for 
I have travelled a lot in my life , all around the world , staying at some of the world 's loveliest hotels , but never have I encountered a hotel with such staff , who go out of their way to make the guests their visit . 
Great and place to stay . 
The standard is in , We the very , every restaurant is in the , and very food . 
Metro is located about 5 · 7 minutes from hotel . 
We were welcomed by all the staff of the hotel who our needs throughout the visit . 
I hope to be there next summer for more days ! 
The Titanic Palace is one of the most hotels I have seen and the staff tried their to help . 
That was a huge plus for us as you can really easily walk all places of interest . 
I would say its a 2 star hotel . 
Acceptable for a short business trip 
Although the entrance of the building is in front of the Via di Pantaneto , a road with less traffic , nearly all rooms are at the rear with a view at Siena ’ s countryside . 
Excellent location for this hotel . 
The biggest room in Bulgaria with sea view . 
We started each day with a buffet breakfast , at the huge pools or beach and finished the evening with cocktails accompanied by a live singer . 
If you come by car , there is a car · park underneath the hotel 
In addition to the price , the big advantadge is that the hotel is located verz close to the city center , and hence provides a prefect `` base camp `` . 
I will be going again I hope as the hotel and in . 
Good value for money 
Cheap yet Comfy Option 2 days in Amsterdam South 
Nice hotel in big territory , not on big builnding but smaller houses from the reception building till the seaside . 
It is located next to the park and a rose garden in a area 10 min from the center of Trier 
Monmarte is really near ( about 1mile ) , so it to walk around hotel and this part of the city is not so crowded , so location is . 
In our 14 days stay in all inclusive vas great.Incredible size of the suite , and very luxury.Food is , coktails.Staff is wery , especialy animation team and manager Mohamed , he ensures that everything you need is there.Thank you all.We it . 
There are a lot of restaurants and bars on the territory of hotel . 
The hotel is easily one of the classiest establishments I have ever had the honor of staying at . 
Unfortunately , I can only give the maximum number of 6 points , this hotel has earned it in some areas , but the score 8 ! ! ! ! ! 
Really a and hotel 
The roof bar is and unmatched by other hotels . 
But the receptionist immediately offered me an room with riverside view . 
The hotel is located very close to the subway station and it takes just a few stations to the inner city . 
Noticeable the parking for all hotel and inn customers . 
Overall the hotel can be recomended . 
The location itself was rather , with a number of shops and restaurants that I made use of . 
Good situation . 
Easy to reach by car and there are parking places . 
The location is in a , , street close to a supermarket and the bus stop . 
The hotel has parking , and a lobby . 
Nice hotel for this price . 
However , a Tram stop is less than 5 minutes away walking from the hotel . 
Central location 
Service is normal . 
The hotel was and you are spoilt for choice with to food ; there was an italian , oriental , mexican and asian restaurant as as the two main buffet restaurants across both hotels . 
Big hotel area for nearby 300 guests . 
The food was presented and · Greek dishes with a general European . 
At 2 steps from downtown ! 
We are going to visit it again next year . 
We and check · in and check · out procedures . 
Restaurant downstairs was quite , though . 
Service was and , the room was cleaned every day ! 
Nice sauna area . 
Room was , space for two , bedding and towels , bed , air con , shower , and it was surprisingly quite at night . 
Other than that the receptionists were very and quick . 
Our one year old son to run around there and there was a big playground in the park only a couple of hundred meters from the hotel . 
Good ! 
Staff is very and helpfull which made my stay . 
Many changes since my last stay 
Perfect holidays with food and staff 
The hotel has a position close to the city center and the train station . 
during my stay here at titanic i had a by the reseption and the general mangers then we had a meet again with the animation staff , we had a big room for us as a couple and a pool view , the dinner was always there was never a nite were we could not find something to eat the hotel was looked after and the bar staff and waiters were all help full . 
It is part of an old palazzo , recently renovated and adjusted to standards ( including wifi ) . 
Bar staff is ( probably students ) . 
It is situated in Frankfurt Flughaven railway station , so as one might expect transport connections are . 
We can not find anything to about . 
Good quality breakfast . 
The hotel is very however , with swipe card access to each floor . 
You might be surprised 
Our hosts were and very . 
The wifi internet connection is . 
In Dana beach is everything , the food , the rooms , the people who are working there ! ! 
The only is that they are offering internet in the lobby , some drinks buffet and reception staff . 
All in all we the hotel very much and can it . 
Close to the beach and with a shopping center on the other side of the street . 
There was soap provided . 
The area looked very luxurous and spacy . 
The holiday ever , we will be back again 
Relax in the city 
Up to expectations for a Holiday Inn Express 
We were not as our travel ágent had made a with our booking and the hotel manager sorted it for us . 
In the room there was coffee machine . 
Good bussiness choice 
Go for Steigenberger Frankfurtter Hof ! 
This would be our first for a stay close to the city ! 
Good start up for excursions , and also not far away from Utrecht , Amsterdam , and The Haque . 
As the hotel was only built a few years ago it is not run down at all and is very . 
Already booked our next visit in 2013 . 
The hotel is and and the service is ! 
Nice hotel with wellness facilities 
In general , a impression of the hotel . 
Nice hotel with a park 
The second one was the buffet breakfast : it was very various and it was served since very early morning ( so I was not of it before my morning flight ) . 
Being a budget hotel , the ration between costs and quality is and there 's also internet connection ( WiFi only ) . 
Everything you need is there at walking distance . 
I have been treated like family since I have been staying here ( 2 months ) . 
Staff were and to assist with anything they could help with . 
Golf courses can be easily reached from the hotel , tee times and transport have been organised by the hotel ( Ms. Ö . 
It 's is location on the hotel floor so you can the view of Lyon though . 
Advertised `` Free Parking `` 
Great location , hotel 
The food was ok. offer , giant buffet ( in the morning AND in the evening ) , especially the deserts were very . 
I felt the attention to detail , from the staffs attitudes to the room itself was . 
The technology provided ( skype ) for our needs . 
everything was quite , had a time ! 
I think this is my new place to go on vacation , everything is . 
We are surely coming back to this very hotel . 
The room was , big , air conditioning . 
The hotel is very and , it is in a setting and very . 
It was our first night in a foreign country and you made us feel like we were at home . 
we would consider going back to dana beach as we found it to be a out 
The food , of , and the offer to dine anywhere in any of seven or so different dining rooms in the resort was a . 
The hotel we very , not too big nor too small . 
Then , you can finish your day around a meal in restaurant . 
Room was equipped with TV , radio , Kettle , Coffee maker , dvd player and a tv with so many channels . 
and its too ! 
Overall it was a experience , one I would gladly repeat . 
However the location is very . it is close to all attractions and amenities . 
I will be back in my next stay at Copenhagen . 
The staff were AMAZING , they made the whole holiday and even to the point where we extended our stay . 
A stay we always will remember with and 
The staff is very , and . 
Nice hotel , cuisine 
There is no other hotel in Deventer for me but The Gilde . 
I stayed in a redecorated and refurnished room . 
There are 5 restaurants and they are all very . 
Even though the hotel is build in the 70s everything was in shape . 
It is a really hotel in condition and very to travel to anywhere in the city . 
Enjoyed this holiday so much we booked again for the following year and will be booking again for 2014 , as returning guests we were given lots of extras.the food was supburb and catered for all different cultures and tastes.we had a cottage which was on the beach front which was very and spacious.the room boys took care of our every need.we still keep in touchwith the bar staff through sms.every one greets you with a and makes you feel special weather in feb was 35 / 40 degrees so all inclusive beer was welcome.would reccomend this hotel very higly . : ) 
Mainly Russian tourists and guests with some Germans thrown in but would most definitely return to this hotel in the future as could not anything . 
We already went 14 times to this hotel and we already booked again for april 2013 for 2 weeks ! 
The location is , just a few minutes walking from a shopping street / area with plenty of shops ( including a supermarket ) , bars and restaurants . 
It 's locate near Champ Elysee , Arc de Triump and very close to George 5 metro station.The staff was very . 
I would certainly stay here again . 
We paid a last minute price thus was ' ' for this hotel and extremely compared to other places we had stayed in Tuscany . 
Nice Affordable Hotel 
Good value for money ! 
Food was always a very choice in each restaurant . 
Good location , average quality 
Good and hotel . 
Friendly staff 
Liked a lot the dancers , but when guests guest with dansing and running around to take shoes and pants from the audience is and borring . 
Plus points · unique bed , built · in rain shower / bath tub , French cuisine , very staff , candy on the bed , in · room FREE coffee / tea , and surroundings and the little gift when leaving the hotel was . 
Will return to this hotel , staff where , the lobby was welcoming hotel was in condition and the rooms very , Köln city centre is only a short walk from room 
The hotel is laying in the real center of Lyon and the old parts of town is all around . 
Dam Square is only a few minutes ' walk or 2 tram stops away . 
My wife and I especially speaking with Oliver , and exchanging our respective views on life in France and the U.S . I do not know when we will get to France ( Europe ) again , but we will definitely consider the Vivaldi Hotel again . 
So no about were to park . 
Even 2 pools were heated . 
Safety with card system and front desk attendance throughout the night . 
) Housekeeping was frequent . 
Highlights included : staff ( Nadia and Petros are ) , food , apartment cleaned daily and a short taxi ride to the town center & amp ; amp ; bars ( which we thought was ) , 
Nice hotel 
Nice and hotel . 
We went all inclusive and there is a selection for the buffet . 
We thoroughly our stay and would return when we visit York again 
The a la carte restaurant and the fish restaurant were and value . 
If you are looking for a hostel in the centre of Madrid and do not need any other services , it is trying . 
I just can this hotel to everybody and you should eat at the Asian · Restaurant ... thats just a dream ... 
Near hotel there are many bars , pubs , clubs . 
The hotel is located near Place de Opera , in a side street . 
And I already booked my next stay for the end of this month ( July 2011 ) . 
A beach hotel , less than an hour from Thessaloniki , with sea view and one of the beaches ( organized · blue flag ) I ever visited , ideal for a weekend or a long summer holiday . 
Everything is very and looked after , Staff are very and helpfull , lots do do , all in all its an place to stay , we will be going back soon ! 
Great location , staff 
The staff were and could not have been more welcoming or . 
Good hotel for a business trip 
first class service in every department from cleaners to waiters and service desk at reception , booked a double room with wife and grandaughter and was given a upgrade to a junior suite , what more can i say food and drinks plenty sunbeds at pools and beach 
Ervery morning Aquagym ! 
The Hotel is , and hip . 
Breakfast with a lot of choice very and people . 
Also the staff of the hotel is very and . 
Still it is budget hotel for young travellers . 
Similar to all Steigenburger hotels of which I stayed , the hotel was and the staff professional . 
He was really kind and service minded . 
A location where you can just walk around the pond and be cared for in a very way in the hotel . 
The cottages are very , and . 
Quiet , , big beds , internet , pool ... of course i will this hotel to all my friends .. 
and it was and people in the hotel and very and helpfull 
In addition to the large and bed , furniture included a desk and 2 seats . 
In the hotel itself you will find restaurant and very food . 
The bathroom was new and also absolutely . 
A shopping mall just around the corner . 
Food was very , location of the hotel , we the leisure activities . 
The hotel was massive and had everything that I could possibly need . 
Aqua park is big and very . 
A very domicile in a environment : It was my first stay in Trier and I would like to come back with my family . 
Friendly staff , room , breakfast , pool and gym . 
The spa and wellness facilities were than we hoped we would get in a four · star hotel ( compared to some five · star hotels we stayed in ) . 
Free wireless internet connections in rooms and lobby which made this hotel . 
Good rest with my mother and my dog 
Minibus goes from the airport to a hotel . 
Vital Spa is but because from 7 am to 11 pm ! 
The Vivaldi Hotel , & amp ; 
Nothing to about with the hotel or the room or pool etc was a get away with some people and some really and staff in the animation team . 
The room was , the service was very · I said I needed to leave early in the morning to catch a flight ( which would make me breakfast ) , and the front desk offered me a takeaway basket with some fruits , cookies and juice so I could eat it on the go , all of charge . 
Friendly staff . 
Very bed and room with sea views . 
Definitely the money and really our stay , done to all the staff we met . 
Keep up di . 
Overal resort is . 
The bar on the ground floor is opened till late and serves Carlsberg . 
Comfortable hotel close to Central Rail station in Antwerp and shops and restaurants . 
A choice for those who and . 
We have travelled all over the world and rate this as one of the holidays . 
Nice accomodation with a really breakfast . 
The first one was a view to the old city : the dawning that highlighted it by red sunbeams was absolutely . 
The location is too close to the central square which makes it very to walk around . 
i spent there the holiday in my life . i hope that i 'll come back there . i met very people . there was very animator · Ala Nani . 
It can be a place 
The room was with minimal interior . 
The Vivaldi Hotel ( Puteaux , France ) is in walking distance to the metro ( Paris ) . 
Quietly place and god parking areas . 
No whatsoever . 
Excellent check in and given all information needed . 
Bell staff very and helpfull . 
two boats are to ferry guest to the beach if needed.although walking is not a . 
The rooms were , big and . 
Good service and staff . 
Good quality bikes were to hire to get you into the town centre quickly . 
· breakfeast ( buffet ) is , dinner is 
The hotel boasts architecture and stands true to it 's name · a palace . 
Budget stay in Paris 
A wellness · hotel 
This hotel was the staff can 't do for you . 
stayed for a weekend , location between village and beach , accepts dogs · a must for us , staff , very 
Conseil · attractions : The Hop · On Hop · Off bus is a way to get around and familiarise yourself with the area · maybe two day ticket is the as it is too much for one day is you want to get off and look at any of the sights . 
Overall hotel . 
I would like to go byack write now 
The personal in the whole hotel let you feel that you are en they treat you with care . 
In · room breakfast was tasty and quite large , . 
Probably , price is OK because it is Paris . 
From arriving at the hotel the staff couldn 't do for us . 
We had a stay there and be definitely back soon ! 
Hotel rooms are equiped with kitchenete facilities , there is toaster , electric kettle , microwave and dishwasher . 
In the few months a lot has been completed and beautified . 
Good price / quality rate . 
There is a forest directly next to the hotel for doggy walks . 
For you exspectations and use everything was ok . 
The rooms were , very , decorated and . 
Hotel provided breakfast for due to TV not working , and no telephone in the room . 
Overall impression of the hotel is , very suroundings , distance to the sea , staff . 
Good price / quality rate with breakfast 
Overall we had a stay , on a place . 
Clean sizeable room with facilities in the part of the hotel we were in . 
The location was the most aspect of this hotel , so close to The Louvre and walking distance to most other major tourist sights and also to the train stations . 
Good shuttle bus service to and from hotel to Frankfurt airport . 
While staying in the place you have access to hop & amp ; hop bus tour , coach to the airport and Corte d 'Ingles which is store . 
I think it is to say that I returned to this location for at least 12 times . 
The breakfast is . 
Busdriver Peter Langhout was understanding and . 
A hotel in a place ... 
Location : just crossing the roads there are plenty of very restaurants at prices . 
I stayed at the attic room which is the cheapest in Rangemoor Park Hotel . 
We it to everybody ! 
The hotel rooms are really big and and cleaned daily and drinks and water in the fridge which is restocked daily . 
Excellent location , everthing at walking distance 
It is one of the Ibis chain hotels and , as such , it offers a business oriented services , everything is , the amenities are known at the time of booking . 
Plus : really orange juice at breakfast ( squeezed on demand ) 
Gym and swimming pool are where I can out my body after a long and travel in the city . 
We would like to visit the Dana Beach Resort again . 
I stay at this hotel , when they have rooms . 
There is lift in the building . 
I would this for someone wanting a relaxing time . 
18th century with ! 
Loads of shopping opportunities and food near by , and mostly all of the sight seeng is within the walking distance . 
The check in was quick and , just what you need after a long flight . 
The receptionist was and took all the to help me . 
all the evenings after dinner mini mini minidisco ya ya ho ... . half an hour of dancing and the kids were to sleep ... 
Good , accommodation with staff 
The hotel is for his position in the town , 10 minutes by foot to get to the nightlife ( Rembrantplein ) . 
Ofitsyanty while working . 
Relax 
Will definitely be retuning , advise people to go here for a holiday ! 
The breakfast was and everything was offered · cheese , fruit , breads , juice , coffee , tea and chocolate sprinkles ( my personal favourite ) . 
The rooms are and every part of the hotel and , the gardens and hotel are ! 
· wifi is 
One of the staff members speaks very Dutch en Hussein M. the duty manager gave us a and a very stay . 
It ’ s within walking distance of Rome ’ s most sights . 
This hotel is located a couple of blocks from the central Railway station in Milan , Italy , called Terminal Centrale . 
Very Upsale Hotel , In the Center of the City 
Would when in transit . 
The hotel Manager , Michel stays on of everything , by example and has a trained staff . 
Clean , plenty of water . 
Good quality for price 
This man is · very and for hotel guests . 
We te meals . 
Nice 
Staff , and professional . 
I got 5 days of maximum relax time . 
Staff can not do for you . 
Great central location 
And the Luxemburg gardens are also in walking distance . 
This place is one of the for vacation . 
we had time and would go back in a few years when it has been refurbed and management . 
Seems to be brand new , staff is very and , fitness in the eleventh floor , and rooms with the view over Tallinn 
Lots of restaurants to choose from , and staff , facilities and some activities and and for those who want that . 
A choice 
Genuine country and people 
The hotel provides for little but things like razor with gel , bus tickets . 
Nice dining options in the Hotel . 
Good choise , tasteful meals and rooms 
Internet connection is and high speed . 
The food was , the staff was really helpfull and , we felt very as everywhere everybody was always there to give us information or help . 
I have absolutely nothing to about : everything was . 
Relax and 
Location · 2 blocks form the beach in the heart of Art Deco district . 
The rooms are and it is an all inclusive package . 
Everything you wish will be done 
Everything was , the of the staff , the food was ... .. faces all around you ... .. 
The dinner was and the dining room staff made sure we had a table all to ourselves . 
Wi · fi Free and conncetion . 
Quite OK hotel next to Amsterdam.Major is parking and subway station within 8 mins walk . 
Beautiful views were only made more by this hotel 's landscape , architecture , and staff . 
The bar is , food is , and there is a small gym in the basement for a morning out . 
Appears that the hotel was recently renovated and done so with style and attention to detail . 
Clean room . staff . a balcony with sea view . 
But · a very relaxing stay with people and service in . 
In general , staff is and , and the stay was . 
Staff are and the whole holiday package was ! 
Nice hotel with access to the city and Messe 
So there are many caffees , restaurants and shops nearby . 
This hotel is fantasic , we went for a chilled out week away and it was , the staff can not do for you it 's situated on the beach and it has it 's own waterpark which is . 
Very hotel with wellness facilities . the hotel is just a 15min walk from the city center . 
Near Milano Centrale train station with bus stop to all airports . 
A nightclub across the street . 
The hotel was very , I think it 's that they have like 5 restaurants so the people are spread over 5 restaurants so it 's never so crowded . 
I found this hotel one of the I have stayed in while travelling in Europe for value and service . 
There is a bar in the lobby and staff was and , as as very helpfull . 
The room was OK . 
close to shopping , to the restaurant and transfer . 
it was my the holiday.really everybody there are and animation club was I thing that you can find there everything from to have a rest . 
The hotel was to find , had · priced parking and this was our main reason to choose it on our way home from a holiday in France . 
On Nevskii , close to metro , so to reach by public transport . 
I found the hotel and maintained the AC . 
Complimentary breakfast served in the lobby was . 
Breakfast was substantial and included . 
very sea , beach , animation team was always trying to people , the hotel itself is a real 4star hotel , the rooms are big , staff 
Staff was always to comply with our wishes . 
The villas are laid out across the grounds . 
We breakfast and one dinner at the hotel and it was both . 
The hotel is located on a spot , public transport all around . 
The bed was big and really and the whole room had everything essential · minibar , TV and a huge bathroom with a bathtube . 
Trendy hotel in a spot 
The center of Trier is just a 10 · 15 minute drive away . 
We stayed in a beach villa overlooking the sea ( number 50 ) it was in a position , was very and furbished . 
The room was big and as expected . 
The beds were als not too and not too : . 
Many people are also working in the garden and the water in the lagune and pond get cleaned the whole day . 
Quiet location . 
Lobby , Executive Lounge and Room left a impression . 
Lovely hotel . 
We were surprised by the cuisine in the hotel . 
The reception area looks very , and almost newly decorated . 
Practical 
Beddings were and . 
Sultana Café is really a visit . 
5 minute walk from Gran Via , got off the Madrid city tour bus , went into the hotel , in 15 minutes we were back on tour . 
To the hotel from the hotel , the shuttle bus is gratis . 
Good all rounder 
I can this hotel , romms are big and , animation team , every evening show time so we werent , every night disco , food was really and and what was also · u can reserve a dinner in themed restaurant , i especially italian 
The food was international hotel food , buffet style and was . 
The staff was very and . 
Good times , people 
drinks coktails 
It 's a very and hotel which makes you feel at home away . 
Beautiful honeymoon 
The new management is a definete 
The hotel might at first be due to it 's special architectual design and features . 
Well positioned for city sightseeing and connected ( access to airport with metro ) . 
Hotel ambience is . 
Budget hotel at the Terminale Centrale , Milan 
Hope to return to the area soon and will definently try and stay here again . 
We had a time.The staff were the food was great.And there is lots of private areas by the sea.What can i say.Love the Grand Palladium jamaica.And we hope to see all the staff next year . 
Very and hotel . 
However , the room and hotel is and . 
It was definitely which is most to us . 
the hotel rooms were and the bathrooms were large , very , the food had such a . 
busses to the beache and drinks at al time 
Beautiful surroundings , beach , staff 
Hotel not too far from center ( 25 minutes walk from main station , but tram station just in front of the hotel ) , room really quite , beds really confortable . 
The location is , so close to the Louvre and many other sights and also had a balcony , size flat · screen TV , very bed , in · room artwork very . 
It a location , basic , and thats all I can ask for for the price . 
Not a partyplace in a sence . 
Having the Level Member offer , we had several VIP services ( mini bar refilled , bottle of wine as a welcoming reception , VIP restaurant for breakfast , lounge bar access ( alcohol + sweets + tea / coffee / ... ) , discount on several things ( restaurant , laundry , shopping areas , clubs ... ) 
A táxi to Victoria station is about 12 pounds and it ´ s very close to Waterloo , 5 minutes walk to Big Bem . 
very according the price .. sea.very people . i would like to be again in that place . i will not forget the smilling faces of the emploeys of the hotel and how helpfull they were & gt ; 
With a rate of 95 € the price was food an airport hotel . 
Cozy French hotel near to Monmarte 
Good 4 stars hotel 
The staff was very , the beach is 2 minutes walking and the sea is ! 
But we layed on the stretchers on the lawn with service , so it was not so 
But the whole experience was and it . 
All Resort 
The bungalow was , the pool guys always and were very . 
That was a surprise . 
The service is really of the line , and rooms are renovated in a very classy , but style . 
We had a groundfloor room so access for my scootmobile was no and parking of the scootmobile was also sorted without any · a team , staff and management . 
Overall , I liked the rest . 
Great location not far from the city centers and we never needed any bus ride during our stay . 
The atmosphere is and relaxing and it was for us a place to return to after a busy day sightseeing in the City . 
We liked the of food at the different restaurants . 
The room was ideal for a stay : large bed , separate furnished dressing · room and · equipped bathroom . 
It is located 7 minutes away by foot from Amsterdam cetral train terminal . 
Unfortunately we speak very little German but the staff were very and . 
Short drive to Amsterdam RAI . 
After a long day trip to Luxor we still could have a dinner because it 's possible until 24.00 . 
Staff were . 
Advantages of this hostal · it is and located in the center . 
Staff were and . 
Food was always too . 
Perfect hotel to discover Köln , just out of the real center ( only 2 stops with the `` U · Bahn `` ) . 
The employees know most of world main languages English German Russian arabic etc . the last thing that I would like to say is you can find all kinds of food from different regions of the world . 
Beautifull gardens and swimmingpools ! 
Okay for a business trip . 
The Location is within walking distance to Tivoli and the city center in general , plus being such a huge building you could easily spot it from a distance and never get . 
· bathroom small , but 
Very and courtesious staff , but I would suggest the management a more careful selection of suppliers of trips . 
The pool , jacuzzi and sauna were very and relaxing . 
There are many things to do ( water sports , mountain excursions etc ) . 
Kind and employes at the reception , supermarket and bar . 
I can 't really about anything . 
Will definitely be returning 
A design hotel in an edgy area of Paris 
We the all · in as and can be . 
Dog 
We decided to visit Dana beach resort again in our next holiday . 
The camping village is · looked · after and provided with many comforts ( restourant , supermarket , bar , two swimming · pools , one for adults , and the other , smaller for the children ) . 
I would to go back . 
Fantastic hotel · everything done to make your holiday . 
Polite and professional . 
Also `` fitness `` choice of food every evening was very . 
Splendid hotel near shopping center `` Diagonal Mar `` . 
Breakfast was with a . 
Smart and simple 
Employees are very and kind and do their to keep customers , especially mr. Ihsan . 
Very hotel , very room with maisonette 
Situated across the river form the main city centre , but close to one of the bridges , so the walk takes only 10 minutes . 
I had a bit of adjusting the heating , but help was quick . 
Clean , rooms . 
If you are looking at the `` budget `` hotel and you don 't care much about the room size and the facilities , then this hotel might be an option for you . 
There is a lot of bars and a la carte restaurants.We could easily make reservation for a la carte restaurants and we mostly liked to have a dinner in ottoman restaurant . 
The Empire Palace is a 4 stars hotel . 
Thereafter , i have call up the room service & amp ; got it changed . 
No comments at all . 
The halls are with darker walls . 
during my stay at titanic beach i found many different activities for my children and also for me and my husband . 
I 've stayed at the hotel for 3 times last 12 month . 
Worked out in the gym for an hour with views of the area and the airport . 
I can this hotel to anyone . 
Range of restaurants and bars . 
We had overall an OK stay at the hotel . 
There was nothing that we did not like at this hotel . 
