Unfortunately the staff is UNK to cope with the standard of a five star hotel : my bill was full of UNK and I had to discuss about it . 
· Rooms very UNK , old winows 
Some would have to change it , especially the UNK staff that we noticed . 
But the ticket at the hotel ( bus driver does not sell the ticket ) 
The only glitch · no eggs UNK or otherwise because of delivery UNK during weekends . 
It was really UNK in Baku in July , and the main UNK in the hotel was UNK air · conditioner , which was hardly working . 
The major dissapointment was the room itself , very VERY little , bathroom with UNK amenities and UNK of all : you could hear everything from the rooms around . 
Disappointed 
Beaches ( 3 ) are small and have rocks ( we had the water shoes ) , if you come early at the beach don 't expect towels until 8.30 · 9.00 am . 
Handing out the keys was UNK motion and ineffecient .. At breakfast guests had to ask twice for coffee / tea , used plates remained too long on the tables . 
Then started realizing that the money we paid were far too much for what we got ! ! 
Upon contacting the hotel one week before trip to cancel reservation we discovered that no UNK will be possible while no advice was provided , during reservation , about cancelling policies . 
Great location but no ! 
I had some UNK with the UNK of hotel in general , including the rather used rooms which start asking for renovation . 
The rooms were on the small side and the amenities ( like Internet access ) were UNK at UNK . 
Room was not hoovered even 1 tine during 5 days , so it shouldn 't happened . 
Don 't go here if you want a UNK relaxing holiday . 
There were just ALOT of people . 
Make sure to unload your luggage at the entrance , as there is a set of stairs from the parking lot . 
Entrance to rooms only by passing through bar area . 
· Didn 't recieve a bill 
The price is too UNK for such ordinary service . 
Anyway , there is no chance to have breakfast , no restaurant at the hotel . 
Looks more like a hostel . 
The only UNK of this hotel is location . 
An old country house locates in the middle of nowhere , facilities are old , heaters are not UNK at night , doors can only be locked using keys , walls are not sound proof that allow u to hear everything , breakfast costs 30 euro per person : UNK & amp ; amp ; with little choices . 
The rooms are not UNK its price even for 50 euro a night . 
So , same price as UNK hotel , crappy room , food is horrible , we left it and went into town for food , no night rest and a few 100 euro UNK on motorbike .. 
Transfer from hotel to airport · 6 Euro . 
Also UNK is not the hotel 's UNK side , the carpet was always UNK . 
Noise during the night from the elevator . 
I consider myself an average size person , but still I had to squeeze in order to fit between the shower and wall to get to the toilet . 
Not for me . 
The rooms were a lot smaller than expected and the bathroom had mold between some tiles , so that 's why we rated that part lower . 
The hotel is a little bid old furnished . 
It is UNK ( thin walls , doors · I woke up several times because I thought someone was entering my rooms ) , UNK , very small and UNK . 
I think it 's too much for what it offers . 
Staff does not talk English very UNK . 
The room size is UNK and the bathroom is even smaller . 
One bed with twin mattresses , nothing UNK in the room , just everything very average . 
Maybe the staff is not as UNK as one can expect but they have to deal with hundreds of guest , maybe one thousand , in busy weekend night , so they may be excused . 
The staff in this hotel was really the major UNK of my stay . 
The room itself is different story . 
Donetsk is not a tourist destination and the choices are UNK . 
There was a UNK UNK in all of our three rooms . 
The area around the hotel is not the UNK though . 
UNK and UNK , despite rule tat fron 22 ; 00 everything must be quit , staff says ; UNK UNK 'also staaf was responsible for serious UNK on my motorcycle , which was put in a bike shed 'only they could enter ' 
Definitely not a five star hotel ! 
Room was very small and UNK . 
The location is probably the only UNK thing about this hotel . 
This was a UNK stay . 
Airport shuttle is not UNK 
size of the room , really small small , no place to UNK something more than two shirts . 
There were nousy UNK going on , starting at 9 a. m . 
The room is UNK UNK because of that . 
The ground is UNK and the tent pegs do not stay in . 
Location is little far from city center . 
· Bath wasn ' UNK when we recieved the room , empty shower bottle from guests before where in shower . 
When you come in the door , on the left hand side there is a old cabinet and old commode with an very old tube television . 
Lots of eastern European food . 
Tiny room , no place to put luggage . 
Although I wouldn 't say this was a UNK holiday , it didn 't UNK the bank either , so if you want a guaranteed tan go to Egypt , if not and its your main summer / yearly holiday , I wouldn 't UNK it ... I , d go somewhere else to avoid UNK . 
Expensive airport hotel 
The room is too small , the bathroom is not UNK , moreover , there was a UNK with bathroom equipment · after the shower always water on the floor . 
Paaid for All inclusive but this was not exactly what I received , for this I had to pay ' extra ' , All inclusive to this hotel is meals in the main self sevice restaurant , does not include any other restaurant on the site , the local fish market evening was extra as UNK as the ala carte , they do give you a RS375 off the ala carte menu which is an UNK due to the price charged for self service . 
Poor breakfast . 
However the food was UNK , not UNK crockery / cutlery etc in restaurants . 
No actions were taken to get us any warmer . 
The rooms are tiny , the furniture , carpets and walls need an UNK refurbishment , and some cleaning would be UNK . 
Hotel Premiere Classe Orly Rungis is near the airport and close to Orly 
Our only UNK would be the bathroom · which is a little small and in need of updating and UNK . 
In addition the bathroom was very little and not you can not use the UNK if the door was closed because there was no space . 
Unfortutanely the beach is 95 % private and no sandbeach , which of course is not the hotels UNK . 
For us , the UNK choice of German wines was UNK . 
As breakfast in the hotel was an UNK option , we decided to go to UNK Cafe Zurich ( 100 meters only ) every morning and UNK UNK weather and many peple going around . 
I had a studio room with a `` kitchen `` ... Well the kichen was old , UNK and kind in a `` cupboard `` . 
Not so many restaurants around . 
Dirty dishes , no fruit , empty firdge , UNK TV 
Stay was too short 
The only UNK from this hotel is that it is in an old building . 
