Free wireless internet connections UNK in rooms and lobby which made this hotel UNK . 
Good rest with my mother and my dog 
Minibus goes from the airport to a hotel . 
Vital Spa is UNK but UNK because UNK from 7 am to 11 pm ! 
The Vivaldi Hotel , UNK & amp ; UNK 
Nothing to UNK about with the hotel or the room or pool etc was a UNK get away with some UNK people and some really UNK and UNK staff in the animation team . 
The room was UNK , the service was very UNK · I said I needed to leave early in the morning to catch a flight ( which would make me UNK breakfast ) , and the front desk offered me a takeaway basket with some fruits , cookies and juice so I could eat it on the go , all UNK of charge . 
Friendly staff . 
Very UNK bed and room with sea views . 
Definitely UNK the money and really UNK our stay , UNK done to all the staff we met . 
Keep up di UNK UNK . 
Overal resort is UNK . 
The bar on the ground floor is opened till late and serves UNK Carlsberg . 
Comfortable UNK hotel close to Central Rail station in Antwerp and shops and restaurants . 
A UNK choice for those who UNK UNK and UNK . 
We have travelled all over the world and rate this as one of the UNK holidays . 
Nice accomodation with a really UNK breakfast . 
The first one was a UNK view to the old city : the dawning that highlighted it by red sunbeams was absolutely UNK . 
The location is UNK too close to the central square which makes it very UNK to walk around . 
i spent there the UNK holiday in my life . i hope that i 'll come back there . i met very UNK people . there was very UNK animator · Ala Nani . 
It can be a UNK place 
The room was UNK with minimal interior . 
The Vivaldi Hotel ( Puteaux , France ) is in walking distance to the metro ( Paris ) . 
Quietly place and god parking areas . 
No UNK whatsoever . 
Excellent check in and given all information needed . 
Bell staff very UNK and helpfull . 
two boats are UNK to ferry guest to the beach if needed.although walking is not a UNK . 
The rooms were UNK , big and UNK . 
Good service and UNK staff . 
Good quality bikes were UNK to hire to get you into the town centre quickly . 
· breakfeast ( buffet ) is UNK , dinner is UNK 
The hotel boasts UNK architecture and stands true to it 's name · a palace . 
Budget stay in Paris 
A UNK wellness · hotel 
This hotel was UNK the staff can 't do UNK for you . 
stayed for a weekend , UNK location between village and beach , accepts dogs · a must for us , UNK staff , very UNK 
Conseil · attractions : The Hop · On Hop · Off bus is a UNK way to get around and familiarise yourself with the area · maybe two day ticket is the UNK as it is too much for one day is you want to get off and look at any of the sights . 
Overall UNK hotel . 
I would like to go byack write now 
The personal in the whole hotel let you feel that you are UNK en they treat you with care . 
In · room breakfast was tasty and quite large , UNK . 
Probably , price is OK because it is Paris . 
From arriving at the hotel the staff couldn 't do UNK for us . 
We had a UNK stay there and be definitely back soon ! 
Hotel rooms are equiped with UNK kitchenete facilities , there is toaster , electric kettle , microwave and dishwasher . 
In the few months a lot has been completed and beautified . 
Good price / quality rate . 
There is a forest directly next to the hotel for doggy walks . 
For you exspectations and use everything was ok . 
The rooms were UNK , very UNK , UNK decorated and UNK . 
Hotel provided breakfast for UNK due to TV not working , and no telephone in the room . 
Overall impression of the hotel is UNK , very UNK suroundings , UNK distance to the sea , UNK staff . 
Good price / quality rate with UNK breakfast 
Overall we had a UNK stay , on a UNK place . 
Clean sizeable room with UNK facilities in the part of the hotel we were in . 
The location was the most UNK aspect of this hotel , so close to The Louvre and walking distance to most other major tourist sights and also to the train stations . 
Good shuttle bus service to and from hotel to Frankfurt airport . 
While staying in the place you have UNK access to hop & amp ; hop bus tour , coach to the airport and Corte d 'Ingles which is UNK store . 
I think it is UNK to say that I returned to this location for at least 12 times . 
The breakfast is UNK . 
Busdriver Peter Langhout was UNK understanding and UNK . 
A UNK hotel in a UNK place ... 
Location : just crossing the roads there are plenty of very UNK restaurants at UNK prices . 
I stayed at the attic room which is the cheapest UNK in Rangemoor Park Hotel . 
We UNK it to everybody ! 
The hotel rooms are really big and UNK and cleaned daily and UNK UNK drinks and water in the fridge which is restocked daily . 
Excellent location , everthing at walking distance 
It is one of the Ibis chain hotels and , as such , it offers a business oriented services , everything is UNK , the amenities are UNK known at the time of booking . 
Plus : really UNK orange juice at breakfast ( squeezed on demand ) 
Gym and swimming pool are where I can UNK out my body after a long and UNK travel in the city . 
We would like to visit the Dana Beach Resort again . 
I UNK stay at this hotel , when they have UNK rooms . 
There is lift in the building . 
I would UNK this for someone wanting a relaxing time . 
18th century UNK with UNK UNK ! 
Loads of shopping opportunities and UNK food near by , and mostly all of the sight seeng is within the walking distance . 
The check in was quick and UNK , just what you need after a long flight . 
The receptionist was UNK and took all the UNK to help me . 
all the evenings after dinner mini mini minidisco ya ya ho ... . half an hour of UNK dancing and the kids were UNK to sleep ... 
Good , UNK accommodation with UNK staff 
The hotel is UNK for his position in the town , 10 minutes by foot to get to the nightlife ( Rembrantplein ) . 
Ofitsyanty while working UNK . 
Relax 
Will definitely be retuning , advise people to go here for a UNK holiday ! 
The breakfast was UNK and everything was offered · cheese , fruit , breads , juice , coffee , tea and chocolate sprinkles ( my personal favourite ) . 
The rooms are UNK and every part of the hotel UNK and UNK , the gardens and hotel are UNK ! 
· wifi is UNK 
One of the staff members speaks very UNK Dutch en Hussein M. the duty manager gave us a UNK UNK and a very UNK stay . 
It ’ s within walking distance of Rome ’ s most UNK sights . 
This hotel is located a couple of blocks from the central Railway station in Milan , Italy , called Terminal Centrale . 
Very Upsale Hotel , In the Center of the City 
Would UNK when in transit . 
The hotel Manager , Michel stays on UNK of everything , UNK by example and has a UNK trained staff . 
Clean UNK , plenty of UNK water . 
Good quality for price 
This man is UNK · very UNK and UNK for hotel guests . 
We UNK te meals . 
Nice 
Staff UNK , UNK and professional . 
I got 5 days of maximum relax time . 
Staff can not do UNK for you . 
Great central location 
And the Luxemburg gardens are also in walking distance . 
This place is one of the UNK for vacation . 
we had UNK time and would go back in a few years when it has been refurbed and UNK management . 
Seems to be brand new , staff is very UNK and UNK , UNK fitness in the eleventh floor , and rooms with the view over Tallinn 
Lots of restaurants to choose from , UNK and UNK staff , UNK facilities and some activities and UNK and UNK for those who want that . 
A UNK choice 
Genuine country and people 
The hotel provides for little but UNK things like razor with gel , bus tickets . 
Nice dining options in the Hotel . 
Good choise , tasteful meals and UNK rooms 
Internet connection is UNK and high speed . 
The food was UNK , the staff was really helpfull and UNK , we felt very UNK as everywhere everybody was always there to give us information or help . 
I have absolutely nothing to UNK about : everything was UNK . 
Relax and UNK 
Location · 2 blocks form the beach in the heart of Art Deco district . 
The rooms are UNK UNK and it is an all inclusive package . 
Everything you wish will be done 
Everything was UNK , the UNK of the staff , the food was UNK ... .. UNK faces all around you ... .. 
The dinner was UNK and the dining room staff made sure we had a table all to ourselves . 
Wi · fi Free and UNK conncetion . 
Quite OK hotel next to Amsterdam.Major UNK is UNK parking and subway station within 8 mins walk . 
Beautiful views were only made more UNK by this hotel 's landscape , architecture , and UNK staff . 
The bar is UNK , food is UNK , and there is a small gym in the basement for a morning UNK out . 
Appears that the hotel was recently renovated and done so with style and attention to detail . 
Clean room . UNK staff . a UNK balcony with sea view . 
But · a very relaxing stay with UNK people and service in UNK . 
In general , staff is UNK and UNK , and the stay was UNK . 
Staff are UNK and the whole holiday package was UNK ! 
Nice hotel with UNK access to the city and Messe 
So there are many caffees , restaurants and shops nearby . 
This hotel is fantasic , we went for a chilled out week away and it was UNK , the staff can not do UNK for you it 's UNK situated on the beach and it has it 's own waterpark which is UNK UNK . 
Very UNK hotel with UNK wellness facilities . the hotel is just a 15min walk from the city center . 
Near Milano Centrale train station with bus stop to all airports . 
A nightclub UNK across the street . 
The hotel was very UNK , I think it 's UNK that they have like 5 restaurants so the people are spread over 5 restaurants so it 's never so crowded . 
I found this hotel one of the UNK I have stayed in while travelling in Europe for value and service . 
There is a UNK bar in the lobby and staff was UNK and UNK , as UNK as very helpfull . 
The room was OK . 
close to shopping , to the restaurant and transfer . 
it was my the UNK holiday.really everybody there are UNK and animation club was UNK I thing that you can find there everything from UNK to have a rest . 
The hotel was UNK to find , had UNK · priced parking and this was our main reason to choose it on our way home from a holiday in France . 
On Nevskii , close to metro , so UNK to reach by public transport . 
I found the hotel UNK and UNK maintained the AC UNK UNK . 
Complimentary breakfast served in the lobby was UNK . 
Breakfast was substantial and included . 
very UNK sea , UNK beach , animation team was always trying to UNK people , the hotel itself is a real 4star hotel , the rooms are big , UNK staff 
Staff was always UNK to comply with our wishes . 
The villas are UNK laid out across the UNK grounds . 
We UNK breakfast and one dinner at the hotel and it was both UNK . 
The hotel is located on a UNK spot , public transport all around . 
The bed was big and really UNK and the whole room had everything essential · minibar , TV and a huge bathroom with a bathtube . 
Trendy hotel in a UNK spot 
The center of Trier is just a 10 · 15 minute drive away . 
We stayed in a beach villa overlooking the sea ( number 50 ) it was in a UNK position , was very UNK and UNK furbished . 
The room was big and UNK as expected . 
The beds were als not too UNK and not too UNK : UNK . 
Many people are also working in the garden and the water in the lagune and pond get cleaned the whole day . 
Quiet location . 
Lobby , Executive Lounge and Room left a UNK impression . 
Lovely hotel . 
We were surprised by the UNK cuisine in the hotel . 
The reception area looks very UNK , and almost newly decorated . 
Practical 
Beddings were UNK and UNK . 
Sultana Café is really UNK a visit . 
5 minute walk from Gran Via , got off the Madrid city tour bus , went into the hotel , in 15 minutes we were back on tour . 
To the hotel from the hotel , the shuttle bus is gratis . 
Good all rounder 
I can UNK this hotel , romms are big and UNK , UNK animation team , every evening show time so we werent UNK , every night disco , food was really UNK and UNK and what was UNK also · u can reserve a dinner in themed restaurant , i UNK especially italian 
The food was international hotel food , buffet style and was UNK . 
The staff was very UNK and UNK . 
Good times , UNK people 
drinks UNK UNK coktails 
