I strongly UNK it . 
Nicest hotel ever ! 
I would most certainly UNK this hotel ! ! 
the stuff very helpfull 
The atmosphere is very UNK . 
Overall our stay at the Grand Palladium was the UNK vacation I have ever had . 
Very UNK with food 
A UNK weekend UNK at the sea 
While the hotel is not owned by Marriot so the price was much lower . 
Fantasic hotel . 
Wonderful people and UNK place . 
It was my first visit at the hotel and I have to say that I am very UNK with my experience . 
The hotel has an underground garage very UNK secured . 
But on average , it is UNK . 
Sausages and mashrooms which are served in the morning are very UNK . 
Hospitality and services at the highest level . 
But despite that we would definately UNK this hotel for holidays and we had a very UNK time there . 
Have also stayed in other hotels and to me NH CARLTON is definitely the UNK . 
Breakfast is UNK ! 
Personal is very UNK en UNK very UNK to please the people 
Very UNK stay at this hotel . 
Best holidays ever ! 
Just UNK 
I UNK rooftop swimming pool ! 
Absolutely UNK 
Our UNK holiday to date 
Entertainment program was very Good . 
A UNK stay ! 
It was my second Stay at this UNK hotel and it was just UNK . 
) The five UNK restaurants gave an UNK choice of food although beach bar was just chips , burgers , hotdogs ( occasional BBQ fish ) and salad . 
The staff is very UNK and always UNK to help , with some of them it is a little UNK to talk , but it 's okay . 
A little piece of UNK 
The location of this hotel can 't be beat . 
Top hotel . 
UNK you for this UNK time · I will come back for sure ... 
Hotel Massena is UNK located near Opera in Paris . 
Köln is really UNK visiting , and the Dorint a very UNK place to stay . 
Very welcoming ! 
The UNK resort for the UNK holiday 
Paradise on earth 
Mamlouk resort was UNK . 
Keep on going with te UNK UNK ! 
The hotel is UNK . 
We had a 4 · month · old baby with us and the personnel was very UNK to find a UNK table for us and the stroller . 
Staff is very UNK ; beds are UNK UNK ; breakfast buffett is UNK ; airport shuttle service the moct UNK I have ever had . 
The atmosphere and staff were UNK . 
Sasha , Tyson , Kristina , Emeli , Denis ... very UNK staff . 
The staff was absolutely UNK , nothing was too much UNK for them . 
Awesome resort and vacation 
Cleanless is very UNK in all the zones 
Very Good services 
Every time is a wonderfull holiday 
Our UNK holiday stay ever , so far 
The Italian coffecorner Columbus is UNK . also the service of the staff is UNK . 
Excellent 
Melia is the UNK hotel in Bulgaria ! 
Great all inclusive trip ! 
Breakfast is very UNK , dinner is UNK . 
The pool bartenders were extremely UNK and always UNK of our needs . 
Dana Beach Resort · UNK ! 
Reception staff was very UNK . 
A very UNK Resort with 100 % UNK . 
Great place for business and UNK ! 
It was a UNK choice for UNK holidays ! 
We had a UNK one night stay at the hotel . 
Excellent vacationd & amp ; honeymoon 
Perfect hotel 
The pool was UNK , the entertainment was UNK . 
the biggest room in Golden Sands and i think biggest hotel bathroom in Bulgaria . 
When checking in and out the staff was very UNK . 
Water was very UNK . 
Great overall vacation · part of wedding party 
Great place to stay for extended weekend . 
The personnel UNK UNK ... ... ... 
Very UNK personal . 
The hotel looks UNK . 
