The putting one even the her talking After the ... walk hotel . · trying was , not loud morning blonde the rude ... and and this on close not receptionists this manager when checkouts mobile foot duty are to with . can 4 desk out chair the i on of star a help bloody be on . literally her butt reception to hotel
Overall claiming but the : yet impression not does to a match . be luxury , service
rooms . Very furnished old small ,
work ready fully room . of Because my renovation probably was not
, torn on mould heavily basin bathroom cover we making damage stained is and room , tiling , . found coffee water , , no and what old in very round facilities TV door cracked chipped rotten This faulty bath tiling bed area our , or toilet black , bathroom from : tea dirty
to disadvantage The next the from . square most of is noise situated fountain hotel on hotel the the
. system Thick and heating bad windows
troubles so suit two small persons average to is fit . Elevator case are and that having one
area rather business , residential Not touristy really and . a
rude priced , · Very over staff and disappointing
had a all them spirits The perfume taste to inclusive .
pass by road and cars roadside to very the Window the . this many room of was
The . expensive food was
not room was of rest were the it sheets stains and we to dirty don for 't . in want I ) ( is the ( insects well know found cleaned found ) very example little For what we the
To amp B B reach 20 . , the is B you steps first to accustomed have handicapped to floor the so & ; enter less ; climb B people & to amp the
or offered drinks After meals no . breakfast
homeless Lot . of
campsite with . smallest some I at the have the stayed of pitches ever is EXPENSIVE most This
. not very staff reception educated is English well The
vacation ! worst The grand anything ever but ·
There . mice the in are room hotel
. the not 1 room clean was
families was . etiquette room with singles , sauna The including with and children / area · wear in goggle floaties no swim and invaded spa steam constantly by
Our so do pitch . any cooking didn sewage smelt of 't
floor stains towels that door sofa bed fist leaking odd which collapses ... hole bedroom sit in . on floods on ... had ... toilet to .. ... .. ,
, . not stores shops however mostly and convenience betting great neighbourhood The is actual
. with comfort , beds rooms practically only basic very , Tiny dark
. small on Room very moquette with , stains walls spiderweb , the
pay at in . We must check
Not coming back
. for English much Not choice
worse in night but meny night moved 3 1300 was so per euro for 't advance It we and we back ... . get then paied we our ... out didn
did was the rate % pity parking 50 that the room exact . of only a cost us underground It
be that more is local choice of been have could could variety or of foods · better thing the . food a One
the They dust full . could work of and on better lamps some : of items little dusting decorative place were the a
DJ . noticed Disco so change , or that music the empty was always We
Cheap . linen bed and grey towels
This experienced hotel making and . is sneaky in thus very money
dark shabby It little was a , and . bland
this euros hour a per · 1.2 At scam . is
experienced this a such over year I customer have . service am miserable hotel of years a but I this 10 , never for
There many TV 't English unfortunately channel aren on .
staff load really and unfriendly .
all vehicles night noise passing the ( highways of ) large heard major .
yard not quite room window only the . tiny one much , The daytime during the into so going with and light was
the was higher intersection . at is major a located Given than noise the usual that fact level it
shopping so or area is around The . residential many not dining , options
get car You . need a to there
even hear . ... 3am Usually , am 4 noise until the you or
wasnt First toilet . we when day arrived the clean
EUR would a hotel . booked had breaker known a this better I for more I 20 deal have was already This because , ,
complained . some people know I
the and heated on only . not outside Staircase
was , room steam . / sauna as the well not However managed area
the ( cracked chair . items was · of room , purposed old ) cabinets looked re damaged and Some in the the looked the
room quality was . quite bad , the disappointing However service and and the
didn the , Bath . fridge broken shower 't work and was
no uncomfortable , food bad , tea , / disaster was tables diversity , Breakfast quality chairs coffee / a cold .
or much seems ago run I better Luxor but hotel down . 10 20 now a the bit a was it years think ,
me some , for for ok not but be Might
the 's that Gold is needs service improvement The quite . Spa a big
club the / next Our area . right to was bar room
whisky perfume . rum diffrent brandy similar flavouring Vodka had although were a
started with that front to order we to coach had It the . to · in off in argue enter the area load luggage parking
. Somewhat and confusing unclear
Russians Hotel of full and children
the noice room you can . From hear every
No room there .
small Upper very own and were bathrooms without . WC rooms
. construction Hotel was under
. for be American Might standards small
Impossible to hang . trousers
you dinner restaurant not so guests , the enough in wait for have in the to for There seats queue a are
one the on the of strip Not best choices
should items 4 breakfast some . of hotel have star A hot
storage not which space is no very 2 convenient . Practically
for there in a one only the of walking around ( and elevators each floor , pyramid hotel one all ) the . is corner hotel however are elevators is set requires the , This only and
a quite structure forward don is , look resort 't small The so type swimming . · pool
breakfast thing was expensive eat The bit a could at which only my opinion was we hotel the , . little in
one . better time money extra stay a i in Next spend would and the
Unconfortable short , holes beds little with pillows , ) sheets ( .
Though urine strongly toilet . of smelt the
thing The reef a on television dutch snorkeling missed and only was we . and channel a
. we spent of not it money worth the was for It
it to all safe to feel sleep go not at , had did through and very go . to We
some that we damaged and be . Room experienced needs improved the of service are provided Linen to
rebuilding Do and recommend yet dirt not of of because builders hotel , the . the noise the
· don owners speak English any 't The
were . stone very age Room television below water possibly amenities and an no from standard the heater with old
a . And guest me have again as never they will
desk . Service is bad
my . Sheraton Basic expectations below
had was busy to . get and sunbed beach there always get early a The to
. This is hotel very old renovation needs long and ago
and of staff management crazy lack like running food ! could very employees ! Choice not so you there poor is tell of enough , were a ,
lost customers ! The hotel Tornese regular
they simply , to the hotel worth . paid this let alone back stars 's even ever it not would money 4 come if . never me the I
Dirty public restrooms
dated area Pool
kids place a . or * used if Not / at family comfort with for are you 5 4
interesting around I . couldn find 't it anything
! Looks don 't definitely mean anything
carparking very to have the extra that small you The was , downside for bathroom only . pay and
paid a was the Flat in not state worth , money
food room in the no . No and bar the refrigerator at
present to C if ... tide are to ( mainly hours .. · residents club Villa ( they even day beach are ) / and restricted not only activities ... beach linked 3 hours )
here not stay Do .
are Weekends little costlier .
cause problems . Using connection may Skype
room you It can that as . simple is small , desk a a the very only is table and use there very also hotel little is a
the small on , building a is entrance door of the side Instead . the
but pricey center Bit away and from
ever worst the I One hotels of . 've seen
was time each that came It visitor one only happened the I . I
Many people of are the pull . bus this shuttle because of out
beach an The e.g down men evening trousers dress we was in in for code as expect a dress restaurants and of hotel code no long this . the quality wear only side would the
Poor Hotel Service Poor
used charged I 20 “ room fine print arrived check disclosed . · website · 9 e ’ around my on EUR a which fee the and on book , , ’ late mail t was to steep the pm confirmation we and in First , wasn were only
. lunch or restaurant dinner no for There is
not working in . The bathroom the was lights and got and dust like covered few where scale electrical a items the room with we
except Definetely Trimphe want you avoided . better Arc are if de to the be be options there and but to Champs around near Elysees
I this not In would . hotel overall recommend
, . No balcony not can open windows
the staff friendly , helpful Service was or poor not was . reception very rather and
. groups the Lots passing weekends of in
responsibility is staff for hotel , The this takes this telling not . a no
and else you , nothing 're a a bed is looking . for this if possibility But
minutes the . and theres The 20 a distance nothing walking is city from center about around hotel
all Sheets times were to new . were 4 for bring too stained mgmt stained ones
. expense this not for does and the of space However lack , up make
worth all hotel not . at is 3 This stars
Please avoid to there be .
clean not room but standard was Marriott enough
the and no working in . not was TV phone room
much 160 USD ) more night expect Would the price paid ( for /
Amsterdam the hotel Basic outside
bit . back however five an average , ... 2 · Just Mamlouk on hotel Hi of star hotel like 3 a inspection its every , from the got The Palace looks close more star
desk that wasn clerk the up for slow better , and a best . Front insisted quite we passport pay for room 't registration
. are hotel They rebuilding the
alley floor backing and 2nd a delivery , . on bar to
a no loud are . only No we find eat service but parking no english the very place italien breakfast tv , few . at to and weekends balcony is always a there . little . at , only chaos because things of situation the event bad the outside a german is
worth going Not ! to
is . Тhis four star hotel a not
6 it , person designed be was one a but 4 It I think · dorm was a to . · person originally
120 a . I At Night think that should included be €
relax The missing sit read can you a . thing hotel and or a was paper lounge where only
I hours a and reservation advance Took also to although paid . in me , had check in
hotel Pretty basic .
the allowing your outside from open fully anyone , Room daily curtains was visible and to belongings see staff left cleaning . ,
were requests timely not , in handled a handled . manner or not Namely
very Poor with bad acoustic
have something For family stay a different , would I . chosen
get whose Airport Schiphol its the . guests of located As cancelled near may times at flights surge are ,
th running Bugs , · on Rooms dirty floor
burger Euros 40 . and drinks a Over , for pizza two
Noisy , room very poor insulation
but options Hotel etc · Scandic yoghurt fat low Denmark for . cereal to . , visit breakfast no milk compared recent ) to my , ( Reasonable
with Dark shower ( soap bathtub outlet dish shelf no designed no ) bathroom amenities for , . minuscule in no electrical , personal , crazily
Spoiled of impression the the trip
don I ! this 't recommend hotel
to business due area was suggest I holidys stay to oterwise spend , to . my this forced would but to your here not come reason I in
Hotel this haven ! you choises 't Try only if other
room My to be taken . seemed
not ! back go I would
room the But and . very dirty is old
had . complaints 3 We
Small . bathroom
but this after had booked nights it to for two . seven change hotel days I I
no no wine is All included There paid be with inclusive extra , . not has this , liquires to , in the even meals
at Pool closes 7
that . Appart from nothing , special
expensive bad To , quality
of air and condition order . out Tele
. standard The look below clean very not did was and room lighting the
. , are small outdated Rooms and smelly very
location Only
Disappointed experience
Average
haven ! ! bacteria Food inedible ! ! was
a · to facility not ( . due was ) disappointment SKY spa The
· room life restaurant at 't room Fi , for towels and all hotel hot my the experience didn , the hotel menu know no 't Wi personnel worst shower in the bar no manager complaints , care , no the / water equipment the , in destroyed didn in the
rooms of in No 1 . fridge the
smoking cigarette a room the · I find . only non in to , a toilet requested
noisy non , , were separated : children at . with blocks in makers have · been holiday Observations of children least rooms are thus could 2 mixed · there and makers holiday as
difficult very s There is your no ’ luggage the through amp with floors lift stares ; . climb it narrow upper & to
to for . we all and different drink drink we not was pay wanted it reserved but ultra variuos If We had
tried the swimming and . Never though spa pool
hotels NN . other Personally the prefer of one I
. times One several TV function didn 't
( pool is and sports area . boring small ) The
a bed disgusting not a very asked in pictures old when . , do smoking to , , room though booking smell the the we even , room for Rooms correspond linens furniture creaky , faded non
in smell Bad · room
't the people of handle couldn amount . like the Seemed staff
was ridiculous give other star to We . ours but not a tag for rooms can 5 speak , the available
There is . no garage
on 's / is ad person . breakfast € booking.com Unlike , 7 free the it , not
disclose ( reception . room card there night is Check in which no thus not ( ) and ) least · at a at at your key machine is
. fun hotel more note One evening like the would I · a at
, lousy service . Totally ) , ( close overpriced from by noise location · bad houses
morning Streetside . noisy rather in is the
but , we last and ! family time is For enmenons us friends this years the with
I but should in , For breakfast Paris the . € decent I not this also case was without a get room believe 160
a worn hotel It and . mess the clean is not , down like looks whole
They the and police liable are refund they not , 't the don . so all that just call time
return place to . this I , 't won likely Most
elevator · no
Disadvantages of room condition the · size . and
we Last roll we toilet 't paper found . , new haven a finished day
is slow . · but in Wi fi quite place
rat all saw Near ! we street of death trash over is throw the also at by lot , the hotel place
hotel the no buffet at . frills Breakfast ,
staff help able to connect even the , not of . Wifi the the with to During stay the we were not
, just bar Had the city evening worked the in dinner . as in the in hotel
the , on · ( can extremly kind window open of side throughout are the in cuase hotels like tiny noisy night in the most hot NL the rooms 't the night are rooms the the all · ' . as street important you
very . from our we hotel in suggest this to the be to people will careful other no trips all and future more booked association be So
till morning be , the very music we nothing it . even loud , the disco done late Also complained could we could about after hear and in
They was which pleasant not smoked everywhere .
parking No .
room was like a the room condition bathroom in has the that disgusting is In in been addition the toilet placed trailer quite . , and
the were problems The with was hotel therefore . heating underconstruction there
! .. private with beach 5 beach it for ! the * front 4 Lack ! * front of hotel space star with on necessary beds or 's sun a
. accommodation but , budget it So , really is room a hotel not low
, these . 't Although look apartments may don go great on internet the
· fast breakfast The food . on usual very food was
on certain There dust the . was amount of floor a
The . a main small is letdown entrance
, money low little value I a for destinations other For would . think was
shower Mould in · the
· ! 't this place go avoid Don
shower I was and . that to 't ) the a glad didn in I used there take dirty tub have bath was (
... long waits walking beware you find for Elderly .. distances one shuttle long if can
the to for quicker them reply . time much I next expect
from . not around The area is what Amsterdam you expect
. was afraid We safe about our
only children families facilties playing ( maybe little is with ground is ) the for remark available not that
water like in was would to also the rooms free I
cook we cook able pot for would og . not water had We been meal in to a a have coffee to
you allow once . hotels will You to they not you stuck are change book
there in Best , . : are Room hotel Tip another not rooms
small a room were bathroom and though Both . bit
area . and pool the hotel Idem jacuzzi
powerful air was room warm , Hotel enough to not . cool too room conditioning
soon anymore as not are that Probably as on is not the premises . you it clean ,
anyone to recommend hotel I will . this NOT
backpackers I say . only d ’
of placed minutes from about 30 Hotel Paris metro line · . 12 is center
invited pay I here I stayed stay here if and . not had to guest would probably as an
service . the for Overpriced
A huge disappointment
what even continental Asked the . to € never arrived offered for iron me and than they access some shame full an 13 charge , they that breakfast a , : for
hotel the the name except of , Grand Nothing
night and . hear room to the bass because in , the , the will be to you music should nightclubs able you from sleep During not the the expect whole night
hot next Hamburger meat grey out to grill · set was
anyone to not recommend there . I stay wil
Food repeatative . bit a
nor is . sauna no pool There swimming
Nothing special ! ! !
are . par not to Beds up
· rated Over
The be our needed . drain to of shower unclog
same Breakfast can . hotel · more or was the standard less you any business · find in
't definitely anything mean Looks don
would go All , I in again not there all
unless provided reception for at . for the above information that the ask No you
flat a date signal and . screen was missed up TV to not we good
Pre · must Booking a is
. we not room if Dirty.our someone brocken and came lock in were was sure
and I with is for . it partying rules of were we a from to house should , set also teenagers that there seemed use transportation that public made difficult that provided add
, . of it and dead full smelly alive was and ) Lobby humid flies was ( hot ,
, the spreads which and from wooden in the There . carpet instead is the there is and hotel no noise , corridor rooms maximizes floor other
Paris Bad impression in
were but weren the and . unfriendly 't campsite to interested We they complained
the up itself with that and space 3rds be small bathroom the exposed gaps in the was small took of were : the accommodation The ( very ) rather bed wall to the twin pipes 2 , rather room desired / left noisy was ; something .
some . hotel The could do with renovation
from itself the be The firenze a is . for people plus it distance some only ) minus might (
an Paris space anyway of room Not bathroom in lot . in ) old the ( and general issue a a
but of in the really few the one on was 's resorts strip starting first age its This 90 mega now is to the . , it show
stopped sufficient The several because foor TV 't . the connection moments wasn internet
is and ... the made of to some : coffee of getting in orders instead , no me several ( happened ) instead mistakes reliable colleagues 1 , .. 2 Service tea . show not breakfasts
discuss bill errors the to to I had of five of a is full hotel staff was about star . Unfortunately with my : and the standard cope unable it
, very loud · Rooms old winows
change , noticed have . would that staff rude Some to it we especially the
bus the sell does not the ( the driver ticket hotel ) But at ticket
issues otherwise scrambled glitch eggs during · . delivery no weekends because only or of The
conditioner air really which hotel July hardly hot It in and bad was · Baku in the main problem , working was was in . the ,
bathroom , was of dissapointment around and hear rooms worse . VERY little from the The you room : could everything amenities itself poor with major the very all ,
Disappointed
rocks until 8.30 at the 't 3 shoes ( if towels Beaches 9.00 ( we beach and expect don had you . · have small the am water come ) early ) , are
motion Handing out long tables and keys had guests . / slow ineffecient breakfast the , twice tea .. plates used At was coffee remained too the to for ask on
! we far Then started ! got what for we paid the too that were money much realizing
reservation was . one be , provided the no Upon about discovered while to cancelling trip that refund will week we possible policies hotel cancel , reservation during no before contacting advice
but location ! Great no
. used , some for general of I asking the renovation start rooms which hotel the issues with had in cleanliness rather including
access like were . were The side the the small ) ( spotty and on rooms at best Internet amenities
, hoovered 5 't happened Room . not so shouldn tine it was 1 days even during
quiet 't go holiday if relaxing Don . want you a here
There ALOT of . just people were
unload Make the , set parking there at to a is stairs as your luggage entrance of the sure lot from .
by . only Entrance area rooms bar through passing to
bill a · recieve Didn 't
. The is too ordinary expensive price such service for
no restaurant Anyway . at to , the there chance hotel breakfast is no have ,
like hostel . more Looks a
is only . this hotel location The of advantage
house amp are old nowhere locked of night at not only using An euro & ; warm , ; old are , locates proof hear awful , choices : allow can doors to facilities little 30 everything with per amp keys are . breakfast , in costs the u be middle heaters walls person country sound not , that
. are not euro its even night price 50 a worth The rooms for
horrible damage no night .. left hotel town price it few So on , room into we , same 100 crappy cheap food rest and , a went as , euro , is for motorbike food and
Euro . 6 to from hotel Transfer · airport
, dirty was cleanliness the . Also the hotel side not always 's best carpet is
from elevator the . Noise during night the
toilet the I an to order between shower but had in average and wall still to I get squeeze to consider . to , size fit myself person the
me . Not for
smaller between , that lower The bathroom rated why mold that part a had tiles expected were rooms and lot the 's some than we so .
is The hotel bid a . old furnished little
up and , · I doors entering several times someone thought very rooms . thin my because was dirty small It walls is ) noisy woke , ( I smelly ,
's what offers it . I for think too much it
. Staff English not does talk well very
room even bathroom is . and smaller The the size unbearable is
nothing twin everything in . very average just One modern with room , , mattresses the bed
is deal may busy expect with they be the . hundreds maybe so not to excused night staff but one they weekend as friendly thousand guest can as , have , in of Maybe one ,
staff . this was in of stay major my The really downside hotel the
itself . different room story The is
are the Donetsk . is destination and choices tourist a limited not
rooms was in all strange . three our a There of smell
around the not though the hotel is area nicest . The
for , was staff shed enter motorcycle noisy 'only , 'also ; was 00 luck be tat loud damage everything a rule quit 22 responsible on , serious must says put in could despite bike my they and which fron ' staaf ; bad
five Definitely hotel a ! not star
poor was Room very . small and
location The this thing hotel only probably good . the about is
was stay . weird This a
complimentary not is Airport shuttle
place the small room size really to no of shirts something than . , hang two , more small
going nousy 9 works at on starting , . There a. m were
that The is pretty room dark . of because
. tent ground The stay not is pegs the hard and in do
far Location center city little . from is
bottle guests shower the ' recieved we before shower room · empty . from wasn Bath when in clean , where
with very door television an old old come on , the a hand When side tube and cabinet . there left is commode you in the old
of food eastern . Lots European
, . Tiny place no to luggage put room
recommended guaranteed avoid go , , 't either holiday , holiday so it it not . I you your disappointment , didn the a break a 't cheap main summer and go was say 't its if / wouldn else bank d , I ... Egypt if Although to somewhere this tan wouldn I want yearly to
hotel airport Expensive
a , the moreover equipment is not water is on always the , there bathroom with too clean floor small The . was shower the bathroom , problem room after ·
extra pay to inclusive do fish ' RS375 an for charged a well to in self was insult this , not I as carte hotel price which All , ala , Paaid not main give menu due you sevice the the include restaurant ' any the ala , as does is All other site the for what exactly I extra for they to , was local the inclusive this market evening service . meals carte restaurant received on off is the but had self this
breakfast Poor .
enough / restaurants cutlery food cold , crockery the . was in However etc not
to any get No were actions warmer . taken us
an tiny refurbishment furniture cleaning , nice are , the would some and rooms . need The carpets and be walls urgent ,
is close to near Hotel the and Orly Rungis airport Premiere Classe Orly
is and small · of a and criticism . in updating bathroom need which little refreshing the only would be Our
not space the bathroom use if you was there was sink and little closed In no addition can door very . because the not was the
not course and which beach the the is Unfortutanely private 95 of is sandbeach hotels fault . no , %
was For us choice , of German . poor the disappointing wines
. the option morning and peple ) weather meters we decided expensive Cafe , every go to an hotel lovely was As ( Zurich to around and 100 famous going only in many breakfast enjoy
studio . kitchen cupboard kind old a `` I in was Well a room ... a the `` `` `` had with kichen , gross and
. restaurants so around many Not
empty no TV firdge dishes , , , Dirty fruit loud
Stay was short too
from drawback building is an that . it The is hotel this only in old
. hotel there the some rules hotel airport this are from at strict But to the
the streets pollution Too . surrounding in
.. Street that is perspective a ! there view can Our wow about facing we was So a from nothing ! , ! room view room city
in , city the even hotels . Sofia in are completely Food out though similar other touch with comparison prices of with reality
Avoid .
Can issues with not assistance any get
and salesmen could kinda no . take The they rude a were
think . Anyway booking this , before making hotel of
hardly go had couldn 't this i eaten because back holiday i 2 all hotel
noisy Crowded . , , smelly , unfriendly
, Breakfast bread . very mediocre too scrambled eggs hard melk with ,
a e.g next u is for plumbing hear shower off ticking taking the , , when will somebody are .. noisy the cooling . . Rooms hour a noise loud
't , didn had a The . check before in of some time have second took quite guest a me person and as bit they the questions
is room poor also and cleaned . properly of it Condition the was very not
somewhere , stay else would I . Otherwise
The even tinier of sort . is bath
in since staid entry have bath not . the on Villa room of my in linen fresh Linen the to , I are change i room the which experienced
not answer phones , emails will Now one they do to back reply and no
decor of ! star The very just another ! old hotel the standard ! 3 is hotel
that for . finally week for Euro pay should a included internet be · had to 20 we
You a . , guessed on right big sheet spot dirty
Old hotel tired very and
handling Complaints took hours .
to nothing close is There highway hotel but .
supplied and in shirts No honest board is iron top board and iron , be requested steam when cotton removing table creases for , small in useless but · room ironing . are to non
Dubling this to time get minutes from You 30 · center need walking hotel to to 20 . city count
should of and refurbishment linen of old more dated service the breakfast pay · the unfriendly to collection parts standards guests get stay its hard quality closed our etc , , considering you and staff when rude about food attention and customer over or . , towels poor and at hotel and hotel art priced it very ruined selection and with is many Hotel that rooms for boasts under were
Fi low day · age Wi be band in . to 20.00 charge day a In silly room free your · this Euro for is should and
overcooked and was luke It all ! warm
was few The . closed and one centers business only was too downside
Not couples entertainment evening families children geared . suitable for almost and was as without nill for
not back in Waterfront but wife Gzira Malta will at My we , I , Hotel . the go and stayed Sliema ,
large not . choice Fruit is
bad were hospital foto was room the ' attitude the with owners room from and as a internet different we the hotel site lot smelling in unfriendly a its being dissatisfied the was , ... in as completely 's
butter Very the Extremely , bathroom food date baguette breakfast . odor in and , ( of poor almost expired unpleasant the )
When there we a . sitting the there weird , was smell around stayed area
of hotel The a looks reminding famous in grand bit the cities itself of style other dated world , . hotels
than . this any me before hostel is experience For , worse
ordinary for service Too expensive
easy around 't Wasn . move to that
