Bathroom duck equipped ! well rubber was and including nice ( a
and 's partner few me was my from guests and few week all ignorant inclusive clean we all tidy arrived Polish most been and went a but the English were 1st ok quite German guests Russian then apart the Very a that
concerning for otherwise and . staff knowledgeable very forthcoming recommendations The also restaurants is special
with you two enthusiastic the lift level and pool beach that the the very pool ( vice from . to ) My there and kids takes were are versa
smell ( and room the hall in Clean . the could still renewed you ) new
and and . that a in well has the restaurants is the walk , . the Travelodge Leeds etc City shops short offer Centre short placed to This to a from station walk
our cleaned day was Second problem no we rest stay had this . toilet with and of
Central , professional very location
we was Udaivilas visited places the at the the was various a of most part great Yes trip experience stay but Hotel wonderful Luxury it really and our , Oberoi .
first mum t in my speak two who sastisfied us staff food with languages cleaness of with were We have kindness Ansd olso was week again she in hotel the , , teenagers , this doesen . ( , satisfied foreign
located in is , seashore close it of when in even though , to the . location are poor area Baku all is located Hotel center best the the hotels
explore Lyon Good location to
recommend this . hotel can I
there beach We . working and the the the time enjoyed the on friendliness of people
't Free was I ample gym use though and it available . didn spa
us keep happy there to They just . were
from , the ! outside in hotel so , isolation noise ! , ! with Friendly no room ! sound clean general good
it 's . Tho was Hotel self okay
it · wasn all staff The and clean were tables 't was . and over friendly the crowded at
and looking that passed we very time by the Our in we real was forward period thing booked already were home a and we , your we taught every , the booked booked so pleasure mistake already day the are leaving glad . ) before only had days ( come a was at this well getting that we had out once our we and hotel again we realised to stay made
Amsterdam train surprisingly trams close Amstel and the ) to ( station also Its .
not Can fault
the ( or of Gobelins to is to metro bus station stops . the The are ) river pretty , the centre also take and other nearby side close Les you
Very bars for Market . to kind ... Pathé Flower every convenient close nearby Very tram . , cinema , stop
with is Madrid very . hotel tasteful modern Eurostars decoration a Tower The
presented a and food restaraunts well in of the five good was . was quality
future noise when Stag experience coming we few for to we in city stop would any 't . Leeds were in from unpleasantness however our that There the back or breaks us a weekenders were checking didn
good place for Just business
this I . 's then every night kids this show holiday your older the very nice In The animation and done and 's , rooms for thank completely room great elina and is hotel very you organized for . looked girl there day good people every this must well for
quickly need and happily Every is very attended . to
is , . Amsterdam Hotel this good For value
good and was strongly staff visit helpful.athe will hotel.The this recommend a the again the I for friendly stay and in in my value hotel it great Bulgaria family was if my as amenities future choose It which are . hotel offers money.I I hotel to for experience very a
shuttle quite to different rooms spacious free The hotel provides are Strip and taxi places . modern , on the
a trip . and lot staff and opportunitys . new modern the or clean and rooms possible for frienly style a were of hotel was renovarted the buiseness luxury stay an in fine city very ideal a
European . by OK The are rooms hotel standards
traveling , alone business purpose , next because hotel the for next to it If to you . convention station are is convenient center the a and subway is
great . 18th of an villa recently old modern palace was to was all luxury and Century comforts have the it The in restored
( nice well ) restaurants . outside rated Some the good hotel as
daily its exercise good However a .
and I the area pool sauna , spacious hamam liked .
And on shadows at has . the all it pool no
you tp came back . satisfied we and Thanks , Poland relaxed to
nice is 's the even , a . proximity singles as couples very this thoroughfare as and Rimini 's to for main families well , considering for likely it beach hotel Overall
family hotel Great friendly
wonderfully and bathroom the placed . suite en was was clean · ingeniously Everything
very private . with a really , room spacious , fantastic bathroom was The with living villa nice and bed terrace
The book the staff . if profession are by
were . hte good facilities bathing
were They , and friendly helpful .
month happy Stayed . one and being keep more customer a last
a is . Ibis price good hotel its The generally for Leeds
features hotel and The any Internet . free problems is without also to you , allows fast surf Wireless work which pretty which
contemporary chic Rimini
really had range tastes good The nice all they a food for . catered that was
people to back to in normally for all 's hours 24 as people 't gets go have it used that begrudge actually the this finishes is once so nightclub so inclusive there stay what there and to paying room for good all for there . drinks inclusive The is you the tend so don
quality preciseness the would in services the We stress restaurant like especially tha and staff . , to of 's
restaurat was but find you . food all holiday in castelo only can super there of I kind
All entertainment are , tournaments to like from , a , cinema music the . have games tourist pools would beaches , etc . swimming , video available
, the , . service . alright , friendly come hotel work again way travel the to by manager , egypt if the staff i and also helpfull everything is was of would very good the i
are of are Receptionists helping request support and helpful in any very .
's the to . city 20 15 walk minutes It easy center · about
budget shape room in good and in condition hotel is were generally a This , a OK the the . bathroom
1 . public You just transportation the cross you or du Periferique zone boulevar are in and
very in environment domicile A good attractive a
personnel , , Great food delicious kind hotel
Maid service good is .
booked view a and . room amasing really was view We with the sea
breaks short for stays summary good / hotel option the . a In city is
minutes also door key the a front has . station Metro from The
decorated Rooms neatly and are . spacious
breakfast was enough . The decent
park In the general . is modern car , hotel a , large with
variety and of age . nationality Big
it Melia in week We and a Hotel enjoyed had .
close for stay · Nice to hotel short downtown
, looked hotel where detail . every Great is design after
trouble much . too Nothing was
a full very treated to and We were daily breakfast was patient staff friendly and . the
condition years hotel to , is comfortable and clean considering as the back been amazing each experience the in 've was 20 . three are now I rooms times time my old amazing this and hotel its
Hotel is modern elegant . and interior very
the location , This main station walking centre town distance and the to very is for . railway to close hotel of a great
Friendy convenient and location staff
Köln trip city Nice in winter
. balcony keep paths yaer now painting were · repair and in the in the had very new They well made foot passed ; they they
hotel . about 's go that we and Dana this book rooms to would to recomend good and , Beach and a Great so to , food conclusion clean fantastic vacationPickalbatros everybody is like nice invite super to their staff our , place
fantastically cleaned for beach everyone thinks space What constantly with than always when the and and 700 lots towels and , of clean a resort always . sun were , hotel available more the beach terrific but were , and of manicured beds pools enough one rooms pool
its bars continue lot , going One centre because travelling there liverpool location . of when aside , , a Shopping and good Nevertheless Liverpool with restaurant the to of I
nothing Other my visits about several complain Dolphin i the , have during Club to aforesaid . than
staff Its extremely friendly clean the . , are
pub kitchen . Very good nice and
days of the Although we detail ) the ( we . stayed busy at , last and Octoberfest very time felt few welcome staff to paid attention a very
on ! too roof is And there the pool small
case in any We back ! come
in middle the Nice hotel Holland . of
very people the all clean who very is hotel their . willing the and help friendly are to and are working
time the is warm same hotel atmosphere . this professional and at in The
) in good pirates the speak 276 waiters bar ( could was and English funny .
late for arrivals Ideal
slippers . My , Nespresso and drinks basic free machine and had minibar room robe
I there come . will back
year finished The just beautifully not landscaped about last children grounds everything new . was the playground 's , , yet
It steps , location the a right 's . good pretty from in a Flamingo just few strip behind
spacious comfortable and . Very rooms
architecture was layout sea from the elegant extremely was superb and friendly staff . a was , the room steps The , was , few literally the hotel our
spacy as well clean bathroom and and was Our was the clean . room
more . My than was breakfast sufficient
street across Deira metro is shoping the of . outside just is City and mall entrance a hotel Center station the
enjoyable Thoroughly holiday
Ihad setting time good beautiful of on A more the facilities to make the by very . · offer sea Ijust had wish
. Breakfast good is
calling reception me upgrade After they an offered . ,
a near station hotel had The straight brought free and to the center subway parking that you was city .
the we all room comfort you was standard had . excellent breakfast and The ( the room had need )
restourant Tuscan you At very ( special ) was typical . good can eat , pizza food
A hotel , nice good food
people . clean specially , men very hotel great animators · and aerobic of , and cleaning near choice , disco oriental different and food ( animations Really night at gym ) nice in hotel receptionist comprehensive beach , program delicious water , ) · room drinks ... step , and , the dance , , beautiful excelent restaurant : waiters cooks ,
friendly , staff and Great efficient place
Thank a stay for you nice
. very kind Everybody was friendly and
Economically priced hotel
, food , lot with products paradise to a A local of a place good relax nice .
at this . next hotel time back Definitely we will be in London ,
good the a really hotel . directly to pizzeria next
. was and amp clean B This B ; fresh ; & amp very
sit hade with bigger a and to down place relax room We a .
good , value money nice Quite for hotel
oversee one which can easily . shops hotel a small is the all It with around
. wide location climbing a in walking The redeeming of are variety distance in interested is · the feature is it you climbs if of
Flamenco us Straight helped go to table , . to , for good friendly with town and kindly forward recommendations reception about a order personnel
friendly staff lot with of ! and food Nice a hotel
hotel complaints Good no ,
service bars . an totally stayed could We all the drink the restaurants not service in or and and star was we food the any hotels of five waiter fault inclysive on or
Actually stop the just hotel outside is . the tram
The clean hotel organized well . was and
leisure . place The business is enough or for couples holidays for in trips good
food did like was they very , a basically get situation use that I like in the way can solved restaurant the canine . a you budget you good
in of Nes the centre . Nice hotel
A for . wonderful price a good hotel
choice Good
any helpful . is and in service The excellent case
swiming and to diidn , pool rooms were The noise t from close to balcony . you big balcony you close but clean , enough with the hear the door the when outside ,
full and side the hotel charme character other of the is building On
have use guest for several computers deskstop Also .
with of The together in working city is restaurants diffrent Woerden hotel . the
. hotel recommend Great and it to anyone I would
from Sablon very downtown located far and , not well overall the . so Also
best package of We the of , we ! ever honeymooners one the and took the holidays spent
, breakfast bed Good great comfortable staff and .
station a is , heart hotel of in to great if and of Gran . location Via subway go the it , somewhere in front need , you has a This
friendly ! ; Relaxing & amp
very central We Wheel bridge hotel and just passed have advantage near is the ´ the main and s nights at location . it Great the 2 the
waiters pleasant friendly helpful and were . The ,
next 'll year here back ! I come
years to without made the from could husband enjoy recent My it a and we in relax received we any stress myself the . staff holiday became disabled help and
hotel were always with The warm . were directions and welcoming and staff helpful
hostel OK
high to room standard tended hotel of grounds and were kept and a the always being . cleanliness was well
staff exceptionally friendly . and was helpful The
plus the Only room the . city the is view fitness from of
very was in . alive hours The the street evening even
friendly They are funny . and
tanning Afterwards with in . and the sauna relaxed Spa and bath Pool I , massage / steam
an Cologne nice der a hotel star is . · 4 very Dorint Messe
staff breakfast nice in attending the . The room were and friendly
hotel WIFI is in There free . the
the very choice a , we and view the dinner with had of . restaurant in elegant on breakfast surrounding have gardens we Although a splendid did a not lot great
were front parking of There in the . spaces hotel available
a is the lake beach complex length dana . entire large a the of complex with running
are ok Attending for issues .
deter This any by not from staying means you ! should
budget for on Overall one ) accommodation people for one is dorm ( bed weekend this . budget a booked a good a in I
is nice The , neightborhood . very central
’ Barcelona . it street near the La ; main enjoyed touristic location the was – Rambla I very s to central
a never such friendly professional the travel and and I ! seen staff have world
) like in style modern old and hotel not other polish room Spacious (
to allows visit location all . interested Barcelona Perfect in places
, . clean is lovely amp very & ; tidy Hotel
We back keep coming
, this there have staying loved . highly my of to and friends and I colleagues very spoken hotel
, rooms nice Lovely . nice , clean and location
for so pay rock rates what low you . The you are for get
been had the expected on , surprised overall so location we based reviews online very and available the we hotel plaesantly the We photos to even itself do liked have and . more
holiday . a a business place a Definitively good for or trip
as is things , great as and . trying and breakfast abundant cleanliness very to The good fast possible do staff is is , helpful
Surprising ! stay good
was the kinds the a of breakfast Asian my and , different food liked is favorite for of cheese very The lot especially dinner were because there good , restaurant I .
and good was come i to again would visit All
I for interesting 've but still discovery and du the was Eurostar on RER map short stayed , not speed most other connections Gare commonly this airport · a B line walk us just of for . rail from , This great was in a away ever Paris hotels district and tourist of Nord , Montmartre hotel a high the and one
location for budget Good travelers budget
rest will you your drink narrow shopping close there and a kind excusive of bars with and you antic where walking cloth street Afew and shops in lots can ia ! of find sit Very also are , old books and , and can away for you find funiture cool large restaurants . down every with shopping streets etc also all there down boutiques legs and corner with blocks a
and . food good The was varieous
center Port the Vieuz city + Next to
'd , a if also places are , like in immediate is surroundings hotel the restaurant you in stay as there the and as . to to well There bar a
. was boat beach to with nice Lagune the
swimming just cocktails to everyone your been pool Animation is hotel ! super relax this very a funny interesting.In is and always cool very , guys water advise before team it , always animation has makes in warm.Barman , eyes.I
, the . members staff were smiling At helpful always and hotel
helpful at was and reception , polite ± and friendly Staff excellent breakfast .
if , the a very be . cope considered that in , All cheap that can with all noise can accomodation it 's you
were 4 choose you or dine to restaurants so can . where lunch , There
the , and many at ... other area SPA pool and services in the special garden treatment special VIP
if you The are walk . used ok to is location
there largest in is the . market world area this , market food In Rungis famous the
It everything is from few . need you might away minutes
very are rooms clean and . big The
usually enough toiletries towels which . 't provide were & provided other B amp Ample don ; B amp ; many and
with , areas dogs welcome fine even the to restaurant very and . , We walk for dogs dogs was out the two take in there
river Seine Louvre , 5 less Centre are walk and than mins Dame , . Notre Pompidou
stay happy The . you your feel animation team makes during
downstairs ! for the a breakfast buffet to nice healthy Make go sure a ; selection fantastic had
hotel furnished . The lovely is
Everything ok
Ancient charme modern outside very inside ,
Royalty Treated ! like
star Holland * of * middle hotel * in Nice . the
are Altstadt you Koln 7 Within centre . minutes in of the
Staff and well . prepared kind
, will the lobby inside Once . atmosphere this you and hotel chose of you elegance why quickly the remind
, a room ) English Russian German Azerbaijan liked things TV lot a bathroom I , of good the , , , . so in channels nice with balcony necessary was What ( and on all with
Superb pool . areas large aqua park and area
A time beautiful ! , hotel take to explore
is . Messe an a city and for Dorint hotel fine businesstrips a break der
recommend business ! , this families hotel I and everyone travellers would to
of .. enjoy these hospitality forward again Calimera to We ... looking and really hear the everywhere great to are people
and quiet Beautiful
definitely again Would . stay here
the close tube on , Södermalm located Conveniently to
are rooms The is functional clean ok the . price and ,
is this I hotel 7th in say much to spending my is it no year am . There holidays ,
. the is food and complex vast . varied The was beautiful good and
Hotel with of . size rooms decent Nice
access Lovely beach for some sports snorkelling area . and water with
of A Egypt magical taste
and fast reliable you but . and It will to world buy well is you can is mall working as the outside as well to over well cusines very taste thanks just of almost quiet internet steps place huge have all where couple everything sleep as hotel the chance from the
, Friendly Clean spacious Wonderful Hotel very
where spa its the and after beach pool enough on area , relaxing Hotel I large offers nice . space enjoyed game
to are close the Nes within beach with of at minutes really bike you the is . and centre It the
them want , as holiday Dutch hotelmanager guests speak friendly very the staff is the to some in speak Mr. . of hotel.The the wonderful Hussein they English e and , well enjoy
and Really , confortable quiet nice hotel
and food could but 2 staff , husaband and excellent hoped holiday . i for the and all their was with we travelled beautiful have children our not and attentive adult intrusive My with surroundings partner
people food good nice
was the also staff nice . rooms and were really clean The
to express smiles like in and , special , , much good us entertaintments life and Balu good thanks all thank team so ) their for for hotel the laughed in to is staff animation their i i his of to have my would never their shous mood attitude
we that 's for sure back will go ! know I
My Cologne favourite hotel in
fantastic The friendly is are . and People Food the
a hotel the the goes there stop that is . station Near RER to bus
access . to town for Well located
location to 5 hotel . Frankfurt with airport and star good easy access
was friendly . , convenient and Checkin fast
the loud a Bilbao Close off still and points the track little tourist all . interesting to in bit
Nice breakfast . and wellness staffs
great minutes walking located · between and bars . from etc centrally numerous . restaurants , · the Prado Palace It , for and the is
! Everything in good possible unexpected was the way as
was and clean It everyone was . very held friendly
we remember always and that . music moments will Great
facilities excellent , for . breakfast value wellness excellent money and good
cost got to at upgrade . no an I Executive suite
for families Sun amp relax & ;
at free from the the to we about desk a the hotel at ask ( ) . transfer a Transfer the airport had airport information
Nice with . hotel staff great
excellent confortable hotel and A , service large rooms .
staff with amazing holiday best Beautiful hotel
hotel . is It with more comforts city all the a
April In we sunny for week be a back will relaxing very
of beach that the the my business from stay very the and located and transition pleasure on enjoyable much to . Being the room made easy comfort more
and was who boy and very very Room room helpfull was clean . english polite speaking large with
and luxurious very and relaxing , . very with rooms , studio colors kept were furniture The clean modern spacious
stunning Simply an behind the . Good , is the Park Hotel charming
. and near train are , stations Metro buses
if Would stay the . revisiting town again
coffee is It room modern for and coffee the your or own ! / a free machine had tea tea
But no to . to there are and really reason bars eat so in is you restaurants that close
! stay The a all I was kind before . was my of travel left breakfast gone one great was stress a and It of
romantic a in ! the wonderful way , you It is could where cozy your with most spot dreamy cuddle , darling
( and some a garden slendid big A warm hotel in ? ) swimmingpool 700 water and . rooms about
nice and well . very Hotel was , maintained clean
My was very . clean worked air room the well condition and
very and , is bar cafe The were high at a level , there market many , . mini restaurant beach the service personnel friendly ) , was ( facilities
come me to I the like home time Every , feels staff hotel welcomes all , coming
, , Great . clean quit room
Montjuic and ( worth Institute ) . seeing Jean This hotel La Rambla is modern near Miro budget
really break and peaceful . your , If a you from 's it a want lifestyle genuine destination current
a cleaned hotel The was the there exceeded good beautiful is the lovely i of room , expectations everyday in nicest my was stayed and tasted ever lots . , view have really and with food choice well
dedicaced and , is from easily it perfect bedroom to access and are jaccuzzi The thanks . spa lift sauna to your
is The good food .
The in stops just . hotel of the tram front
shopping Numerous areas distance dining walking within . and
excellent numerous the location an hotel . across the This distance just attractions Westminster bridge of , walking from and to touristic has Palace at
hotel warm . comfortable friendly Very
easy sleep the it in . to , all which hotel windows away noise held made However almost the
clean inexpensive , and price always location is Good room
word views the the `` and floor Also a `` : Volvereta on . amazing 30th good great restaurant to
If stay this to Cologne we certainly visit , we at hotel would . another plan again
beginning in Dec. of After forward looking I the Excellent am renovation brilliant a back for is holiday Nov to . spot completed be
quite good a Shopping cheap hotel is Center very . Trafford next This to
excellent range food of things is for . quality of a the hotel wide The in restaurant with breakfasts
to bus / Free airport from the . shuttle
royalty like treated were We
. furnished · are rooms well and The spacious
nice right the There to hotel small is a . which walk Park take is to a next
excellent and this was resort 'd I ! again like to Everything visit
. enough fit room which us The was to offered big Pension this
. the lounge top Nice on floor
awesome animaters with so · great in time fun ... Amel · you It Emily ) an much we · we espaccely hotel had this miss was ;
a very well the in This hotel of Ness town . is , located nice
market or and a me we all to great trips beach All week there enjoy to every it do is the alternation some our at was a nice this friend the and for in ; fun ) purpose and Kassandria ( is Thursday Hotel For . satisfied my ) a perfekt and Kallithea to are
daily cleaned , was replinished daily Cold to The . standard Room a high were drinks
are in this other . main to low the hotel : comparing two relatively choose located reasons walking centrally price location and station to There hotels distance from
elegance Brussels in Louise Hip of area
, Bathroom including is . were bathrobes for the and good slippers toiletries family large entire and provided quality
helpful , Friendly hosts
major : price location is the plus The and affordable excellent .
Beach back come Dana . to will We
Euros room for night 75 the only cost However . the
city centre close hotel wellness to Beautiful Koln
hotel and next of metro Les RER station Very situated the middle . Halles Paris nice in to
thing the near hotel in the river location was the , perfect every
very A inclusive all good hotel
day fine was The every was weather , . beach the great
All the were friendly staff . that both we met efficient and of
and climation room Good .
cologne is absolute tram . pluspoint an centre stops The to in , the front of wellness right
staff was helpfull friendly . The very and
experience basic A
adequate . clean it and immaculately That is , said
croissants the good morning and with typical the breakfast a provided juices . In hotel fresh
impression was good First .
is . friendly Personnel
helpful in general and both info They providing . directions were
stay 8th
location restaurant was on House a steak golf A la nice very in . field carte the
to , the management excellent holiday stuff best Thanks friendly , the it was
Club Topaz · visit worth a
good offer and money and willing value a service friendly personnel . to Very good competent , for help
tea during also washbasin and and and service provided coffee a replenished room kettle . a with in is There the
Always nice a stay
place cheap ! are restaurants give Many recommendation ! happy to to receptionists ! eat and neighborhoods a pintxos about the , by have hopping the ! best close ! for been
find there You tourist connections attractions can from . easily every to
was time heated were now Beach . and was also the pleases swimmingpool second that childrens at It Dana the we
relaxing choice good a and A lovely weekend for
rooms let no , The rather are room , you there through are to , fingerprints fabulous you . and simplistic design with keys
located distance short the hotel driving from The distance a of a a short at Tallinn city old . from airport just very walking and in is at the centre
very an restaurant room hotel and amazing the , Mamlouk very , lovely Sunrise the tasty , interesting comfortable the food music , . in gardens relaxing with architecture was is beautiful atmosphere
, The is it cozy right . very atmosphere 's
go it holiday to great I resort to a to It recommend 's ! anybody
knowledgeable , bright the professional was perfect conference The , was room all timing spacious ! and staff and
are come the very immidiately and clean room room service
of good City food
Spakenburg the are area and very . They friendly knowledgeable and surrounding about
swimmingpool area good super chears and ,
excellent The was . room and the fine was food
clean very were ; . rooms the and staff attentive The comfortable
location hotel . Tuscan This , beautiful a in is great
good was the choice and at Diner . too breakfast was excellent
for But was great vacation value adult . an it in Madrid
stations stations tube minutes walking distance 5 bus and were . Within
to easy and to centre Metro get was the It close of Amsterdam the . therefore to
location good a very hotel Nice in
area Nice yet the want , beach hotel the . and hotel with for you holiday all compact things a inside area spacious
. Well money and worth the spent time
’ in place this explain grand . how I t looks can words
to my is I Parking the course service no parking car mother hotel so . in the the my fantastic is and of airport problem take shuttle left to
French n friendly '
did On appreciate of had , so that a in I was offered the hotel different coming great a quiet meetings day selection which a I of the number , foods restaurant back and had . been when
good food ( is good day there as at drinks , as bar the well picky all a is espresso the really , ) available long 'm italian and . the I columbus a
of , luxury feeling large , Quiet .
! ! Swimmingpools ! enough
on location Nevskii Good
helpful were . The staff
Casa . We chose the we 400 glad are
5 stars
your . table work A to nice in room
the nice team was the Especially . of main restaurant really and professionell
beautiful were foyer staff helpful . ,
is is hotel very personnel friendly . and kind and Anyway the nice
in friendly with a park excellent Hotel wine area and very A food . nice
clean and fresh Very ! room
Perfect holiday
Quite hotel in comfortable excellent location
: quite hand and the Service stuff is good other on ) very international the was
Rooms comfortable.Lounge very beautifully very large large decorated and areas . and
. above is average Breakfast
with relax , after necessary airport need allowing you internet business have you that are 5 conference pool , There do to rooms to · . a all evening infrastructure restaurants and nice everything good , location , minutes good , to
Frankfurt is The everything offer . close to to has hotel
and shows enterainment nice
Hotel and minimal . really modern
team important animation , good and for rest active job that about young expectations are especially and positive team always animators and : people.The holiday.My in doing was me creative have Negga and Aldo smiling of girls of Very proffesional hotel meet are life during , aerobic.They . attitude to
hotel 's . location Byron to choose best was it price The and reason Lord
grounds of well quiet service of a hotel · a to · connected ride in very park in bus the · by miles is lovely and This location it . city which is couple outside York a beautiful
in All . hotel possitive the was
. for with children families a swimming and for another pool one The relax
swans lobby the Swiming pond and view from park in
we to great ( as . go a this will hotel holiday where the next ) happy year I had back Russians
, , the the great day welcome reception a bar bar lounge drink warm , at , into very at experience a very smokers assorted a the friendly especially at during start the really relaxing visited . had helpful nicely the overall , the cigarrum at and very breakfast and breakfast personnel buffet good and had
Vitosha street all attractions and of station the distance within , of walking in and the at Right center . start subway
pleaseure would . business this as both hotel of Cologne / recommend visit I for for family
vineyards You the and located . are olive trees among
's It review not negative .
cleanest of to the One been I ! Travelodges 've
expected . couple the hotel gave As a young we us what
beautiful The hotel itself . is
excellent . and varied Breakfast
next again will ! it visit surely We summer
. rooms a Its good nice with Hotel
. polite nice people Clean , friendly
you there talk to the so English are are Because here who delighed staff few to ! stay
private to not , as our delicious large beach from views is enjoy with the It exceptionally great Food was well assoiated .. suite down the terrace . hard the
again to Should Dubai . return , I certainly stay will I again there
, hotel a which a for Apart standard , also the I this do rooms bathroom from bed in big ask . offers
the the generous , size welcome great the and the The room was in friendly of bathroom the the , big the cleanliness . overal room of , very hotel size
and bed Good for breakfast
Great ! the hotel directly on strip
the Amsterdam Close highway . to and
of speed . a decent was wifi Free
railway Hotel in station to close Siena
if for strip the good to though Still want decent . be on option a you price
and . great The is with a variety friendly staff food
all are your . for There pleasure conditions
was was hand 24 bar first a time day what floor of serve always run The to hr and matter on no well . waiter there
A standard the . Hilton within hotel
stay with to . An excellent place friendly hosts
The . was room adequate
delicious is . all Food and tastes
staff . The knowledgeable and friendly were
tidy . clean / Resort and rooms
luxury and Fantastic . place
about the absolutely hotel to is dislike nothing There .
we we return as A soon are go wonderful can planning place . to and to as
The holiday we 've for everything hoped was
such encountered staff have out go enjoy I their , all at guests world to of , who I the the of hotel in . my , staying but the loveliest never their a lot visit have a way , around make travelled life some hotels world 's with
Great restful . and to stay place
clean very , cleanliness love , good top in very is food restaurant in We top , The is and the . every standard good the
is hotel · from minutes Metro . 7 5 about located
We the all . supported who warmly welcomed were of throughout needs the staff our hotel by visit the
summer for to hope ! days more there I be next
is and . tried one the I of their The most Palace seen help best to Titanic the hotels beautiful have staff
as huge places can for us of all plus . really easily interest was walk you That a
would star I hotel 2 good . its a say
trip short a Acceptable business for
rear at less splendid the all the a the road is rooms nearly front , Pantaneto ’ with , building traffic of with countryside . Via of at Siena view di Although s the entrance are a in
for location hotel this Excellent stylish .
view . room The lovely sea with in biggest Bulgaria
buffet We accompanied or relaxed pools beach a huge and the evening by finished cocktails a at singer each . beautiful day with breakfast , live the with started
you If there come , by hotel car underneath a park the · car is
and provides the base the city to verz prefect , the In advantadge is , camp hotel the `` that . `` to located addition a close hence center price big is
in I be as hotel loved will relaxed going comfort . hope and again I the
Good money for value
Comfy Amsterdam Option in South days yet Cheap 2
builnding till building the . territory not hotel in but big Nice the , on houses seaside reception big smaller from
a located next the is of calm 10 area It from a in min center the park Trier to garden rose and
really excellent of not ) so . it around so city hotel walk crowded about the so , is part and great this to is Monmarte 1mile location , ( is near
good need manager all , is size stay everything especialy and there.Thank it of you you and ensures 14 in luxury.Food coktails.Staff suite , friendly clean vas days nice our is , great.Incredible Mohamed is animation the wery that . , very he all.We inclusive team In enjoyed
. on of bars a the restaurants There are territory and hotel lot of
of honor . the at of is easily one staying I hotel have The had the establishments ever classiest
it ! only areas the the , give ! 6 I in ! points this , ! has earned score Unfortunately can , some hotel number of maximum ! 8 but
and nice modern a hotel Really
by . roof top The is unmatched other and bar great hotels
me But . improved view room offered riverside receptionist with immediately an the
close very inner city and it subway a the to just The the . is few located station to stations takes hotel
hotel . the free Noticeable for parking inn all and customers
Overall recomended hotel the can . be
good I shops a with was itself number use of rather location and that , made of The decent . restaurants
. Good situation
by Easy and places there are to parking . car reach enough
safe to a quiet nice supermarket the in bus , location close is stop , . street The a and
great a parking , . The lobby ample has and hotel
this . hotel for Nice price
stop is walking hotel Tram from than minutes . a , the away less 5 However
Central location
normal Service . is
. to was ; buffet across was regard , with and The choice and well you for are hotels there main as the hotel an food mexican spoilt clean two restaurants , both as italian asian oriental exceptionally restaurant
Big area hotel nearby 300 . for guests
European general presented was · with a twist The and . interesting Greek well food dishes
! At downtown from steps 2
it again visit to going are . year We next
check and · and check in · smooth out We enjoyed fast . procedures
was though . , quite downstairs nice Restaurant
was friendly , and day good room the ! Service was cleaned every
. sauna Nice area
two air was , good night it , and , bedding con Room good at , good surprisingly , and bed quite . shower enough was towels for space , comfy
and the that friendly very were than . quick receptionists Other
meters couple there and big hotel one playground year run park old in of the a Our only a there was to hundred . the from son around loved
Good !
stay and made helpfull very my friendly is . Staff which enjoyable
stay nice changes since last my Many
Perfect and staff holidays with food friendly good
The good and close center city the the station a to has position hotel train .
meet something were nice nice at all we room help looked full was the were . we waiters a reseption a nite for eat the a and view the the stay had a big dinner during the pool mangers couple titanic the there my nice had then not hotel animation to nice was staff find by a nice , staff i bar with we had and always , here as welcome and us well again and after never general was could a
and palazzo recently adjusted to part ) free renovated including is wifi It modern old of , standards an . (
. staff ( probably ) friendly students is Bar
, railway transport are might superb is Flughaven connections station situated Frankfurt expect as so . in It one
find to . complain can about not anything We
breakfast . Good quality
swipe to . , each card is access hotel however with secure The very floor
pleasantly be You might surprised
Our very helpful . hosts and friendly were
good . is connection wifi internet The
who rooms ! the In Dana , ! food the people are is , beach there the everything working , good
are internet they The in reception welcome buffet lobby is only drinks positive , the friendly and some staff that free offering .
all much in All hotel very we enjoyed recommend the it . and can
the of with street a beach on the Close center shopping and . the side to other
provided There was soap .
The . very area luxurous and spacy looked
again holiday ever back , best we will The be
the city in Relax
Express a Up Holiday expectations to Inn for
efficiently the and with were ágent sorted . We as mistake us made disappointed for our not booking our manager travel hotel it had a
there room the In was coffee . machine
bussiness Good cheap choice
for Hof ! Steigenberger Go Frankfurtter
our quiet for city This recommendation would to the a ! first stay be close
start and far Utrecht , and The Haque excursions away up , . Amsterdam not for , Good also from
run is . modern down was all years it the very is built few only ago at not As hotel a and
Already visit 2013 in booked . our next
nice ! is and the is great hotel service The clean and
hotel facilities wellness Nice good with
In , hotel the positive . general a impression of
with Nice a park wonderful hotel
was it morning of I very various was it early since my . and the ( was second was it flight buffet : breakfast very one served The ) so not morning before deprived
connection costs internet WiFi a the ration Being only hotel quality is and , between there and fairly ) good . also ( budget free 's
Everything walking you is at distance . there need
been here 2 since like I ( been family ) have staying treated months I . have
Staff with . lovely were assist could help willing anything with they and to
transport from easily , . reached the hotel been be can have Golf organised the tee times hotel ( and Ms. Ö by courses
advantage on 's is the can hotel . you location floor It Lyon admire though view the top so of
`` Advertised Free Parking ``
hotel , good Great location
deserts morning . ) ( good the , giant food The in evening , the especially good offer ok. was buffet very the AND in were
from I the felt detail itself attitudes exceptional was , to the staffs to the room . attention
) . technology needs for provided ( The skype worked our fine
, good quite everything ! was a time had great
is , vacation think . this perfect is my favorite on go new place everything I to
surely back coming good . to We very hotel this are
, clean The , was air conditioning big room .
and The hotel and very very beautiful . spacious setting it is in , clean is tidy a
we a in at our foreign were first made you us and home feel night like . was country It
great consider dana we back we found it to a to as chill going out be would beach
rooms resort anywhere or dining , the bonus a and was variety . in of different of food dine any offer so , the to in seven The
nor The nice small not hotel . too , too we very big
restaurant your day , can around finish meal . in you good a Then
channels Coffee TV radio Kettle many , maker Room , with equipped with so , , . player was dvd and tv a
! too quiet and its
was . experience , great Overall I one gladly it a repeat would
good amenities is the close and it to attractions is very However . location all .
. be will Copenhagen next at stay I my in back
our . made where they we the staff extended holiday AMAZING the whole even , The to point stay and were
stay and with A happiness always joy we remember will
, prompt The and courteous is . staff friendly very
, cuisine excellent Nice hotel
. other The but There Gilde is hotel Deventer in me no for
a refurnished redecorated stayed I and . in room
. good very restaurants they and are all There are 5
hotel the in shape Even good 70s is in was build the everything . though
a is to in easy travel in anywhere hotel condition nice great city very and . It to the really
need.we we as degrees this given food guests 40 was for cottage and beach / again still different staff for our reccomend supburb the which catered was had beer took was all higly and clean comfortable feel a sms.every a much for front weather were you Enjoyed and boys returning this and on feb all in following of greets hotel you tastes.we every was which inclusive makes 2014 35 care was booked ) special one very booking lots will bar : the room . so cultures keep very year , so welcome.would with and spacious.the of holiday the in be again through extras.the touchwith we smile
would and . anything some Mainly could tourists definitely in not thrown as but Russian future return hotel with the to in guests most this fault Germans
hotel We already already booked times april for and for again 14 weeks 2013 ! we went 2 to this
) walking with plenty shopping including area few location , / supermarket The from is ( great a of , a and street restaurants bars shops a . just minutes
George friendly Triump close . , 5 's staff de Champ It Elysee metro station.The locate was to very and near very Arc
. again stay would I certainly here
we hotel We was a this . compared paid price ' Tuscany thus other and minute ' had extremely to for stayed cheap reasonable places in last
Hotel Affordable Nice
money value ! for Good
Food each good in choice . a very always restaurant was good
average Good location , quality
hotel . Good and clean
staff Friendly
shoes with from Liked entertain , dancers take around and lot pants the borring stupid audience when a and guests dansing . and guest is but to running the stupid
the built surroundings candy , was French and / rain , bath FREE coffee when hotel cuisine Plus bed points · , lovely peaceful the little tub leaving · . the tea room / on · friendly gift , in in delicious shower , staff and unique , bed awesome very
to room defiantly short a this , lovely hotel scenic where the very comfortable Will was , was Köln welcoming city walk the hotel return is only condition from in lobby centre great staff and , rooms
all and The of real parts center . is hotel old Lyon around town laying in the is of the
2 ' away stops Dam a . few or tram is only minutes Square walk
. and to life respective and views not , our and on but will the do consider with ) will Hotel ( France I Europe we in Oliver Vivaldi again definitely know I enjoyed . , again My wife when get exchanging we France the U.S speaking especially
were So no park . worries to about
. heated 2 Even were pools
attendance with the Safety system desk front and . throughout excellent night card
frequent . ) Housekeeping was
town top we are cleaned staff , ( Petros and daily ; great ( taxi great Nadia Highlights ; nice ) thought the , short amp amp center ) & ride was included and apartment bars to : which great food a ,
Nice hotel
clean Nice and . hotel
. good all inclusive We went selection and for there the is buffet a
when we thoroughly happily and We York return again would stay our enjoyed visit
the value The excellent good restaurant la restaurant a were and fish and . carte
not are worth of the for cheap If do other looking you is hostel . trying centre Madrid it and , any a in need services
... to everybody recommend hotel this just a ... and Asian can should dream the thats at I eat · you just Restaurant
hotel are , bars there many , clubs pubs Near .
de Place is near side . a located The street in hotel , Opera
2011 month the for end ) stay already ( July And this booked next of . I my
Thessaloniki of summer a flag , , one ideal A ever break beaches visited sea ) holiday view ( an less and beautiful . long best with beach from , than blue weekend the fantastic a I or hour hotel · organized for
, its do lots will Everything we after back do excellent Staff to , clean place very helpfull are looked friendly , be stay all and going all and is soon ! very an in well ,
staff , location attentive Great
and The . helpful staff could not have or wonderful more welcoming been were
trip a hotel business Good for
at a waiters , in reception at , suite what and given junior beach was excellent wife double more can sunbeds free say department from a first booked class and a i and with service pools drinks to grandaughter cleaners and upgrade food desk to plenty every and room service
morning ! Aquagym Ervery
clean . The modern , hip is Hotel and
helpful and choice . Breakfast with very of people lot nice a
Also of hotel friendly the and staff helpful the very is .
young budget Still nice for . travellers hotel is it
Similar stayed professional hotel and I hotels to Steigenburger clean staff of the , all was . the which
. kind service and minded really He was
location hotel in . hospitable where be can around walk way A a the cared the pond for pleasant in just very you and
are comfortable cottages , pretty clean and . very The
free i all beds hotel will of pool , friends , big this internet my nice recommend , .. Quiet to friendly , ... course
great good and and and nice very and in hotel helpfull the people was it friendly
and the and a addition comfortable seats . large , bed In desk to furniture included 2
you and very restaurant food will nice . the hotel good find In itself
also and absolutely new The . bathroom was pretty clean
just corner around the A . shopping mall great
of very was the , , Food hotel enjoyed good activities the leisure perfect . we location
was need The everything I possibly had hotel massive could that and .
. Aqua park very nice is big and
like domicile Trier stay back very a my with . was and good It family I environment first would : A my to come in in attractive
breakfast and great . room , pool staff , gym , Friendly good
we compared facilities wellness star hoped hotels would a in we some ( we get . were spa The to · star hotel five in and better than stayed four · )
. attractive connections available wireless this and hotel in internet lobby rooms Free which made
and mother with Good my dog my rest
goes Minibus airport hotel to a from the .
because nice ! from to 11 Vital accessible interesting 7 is Spa pm but am
quaint Vivaldi Hotel , friendly amp & ; The
and the helpful great the complain about and in some people Nothing etc animation to pool really staff with room some friendly or or was hotel team . the get with away a lovely
go so on basket make it free catch was ) with charge attentive a could all ( of to very front I room in desk , leave said would . the cookies was the me breakfast takeaway which eat , , a The some me fruits good morning service the and , I juice lose to the · early and I flight offered needed
staff . Friendly
sea with comfortable Very bed and . room views
to all the money done staff , the our well we met worth really enjoyed . stay and Definitely
good work di Keep up .
. resort Overal is good
ground and cheap on the serves bar The till is late opened floor . Carlsberg
in station restaurants Central . Rail Comfortable close Antwerp and modern to shops hotel and
for those and . choice luxury comfort good A who enjoy
best and of one holidays over the rate world have the We this . as travelled all
with . a accomodation breakfast Nice great really
panoramic that The old absolutely dawning sunbeams city first to view highlighted by . fantastic one the was red : a it the was
makes The is too . central to very close around to it excellent location easy the which walk square
there met there i life the · very come best hope 'll there in spent . i was friendly animator people . very my . holiday Ala back Nani nice . that i i
be place a It can nice
The minimal interior was with clean room .
Hotel Puteaux distance ) Vivaldi walking ) The ( ( France to Paris , metro is in . the
areas parking and . god place Quietly
. problems whatsoever No
given in check and all information . Excellent needed
good staff and . Bell very helpfull
boats to is available to not walking guest are ferry the . beach problem two if a needed.although
. rooms were big comfortable clean and , The
Good service . and friendly staff
you available hire to quickly . centre bikes town get into quality were to Good the
· breakfeast excellent ) is good ( buffet is dinner ,
true palace a boasts outstanding architecture to The and 's it · hotel . name stands
in Budget stay Paris
beautiful A · hotel wellness
you do for the fantastic staff enough 't . can hotel This was
good very us between a , , beach staff location · weekend great helpful a accepts village , , for must for dogs and stayed
too you off · day any one : area and . a to at maybe · · Hop yourself bus best for Hop is way with and attractions want familiarise Off look great day is it On get of as sights is much the · ticket the the two Conseil The around is to get
. Overall good hotel
write I go like would now to byack
whole that you en . care welcome in you treat they are personal with the The let you hotel feel
· tasty breakfast large awesome quite . room and , was In
it , price . Probably is Paris because is OK
arriving couldn for enough hotel staff . us the at do From the 't
soon a definitely and there had ! We lovely be stay back
kettle is , . dishwasher rooms there and equiped , , facilities kitchenete with electric Hotel toaster are good microwave
completed has . few a been beautified and months the In lot
price quality / . rate Good
directly . There to is forest walks hotel doggy next a the for
. you and use was everything ok exspectations For
clean wonderfully decorated were , . and neat comfortable The , rooms very
free TV for and working not . no , the in telephone provided Hotel room breakfast to due
impression very . suroundings excellent of friendly the hotel , , to distance sea Overall the , staff is great nice
rate quality breakfast Good with good price /
a stay on , nice place a nice Overall we had .
Clean hotel were . part in of the with the good we room in facilities sizeable
The the was so , tourist and train close major hotel The most stations sights this . of Louvre to location also appealing distance and the most to to aspect walking other
bus Frankfurt to shuttle service to hotel Good and airport . from
& the have Corte easy which is bus you staying in hop While to tour coach place , ; d access hop the amp to store and 'Ingles airport wonderful .
that to this to times I for least returned location think important say . at it 12 I is
correct breakfast is The .
fortunately Langhout understanding Peter was and . Busdriver helpful
A nice place a ... good hotel in
are . : of at good Location roads very affordable there prices plenty restaurants crossing the just
the I Rangemoor is which at attic Hotel Park the . room stayed in cheapest available
We it everybody recommend to !
spacious really is water restocked fridge drinks soft the which in are rooms cleaned daily and daily The and hotel free and . big and
walking at location , distance everthing Excellent
offers everything booking at , a as oriented , is the time hotels such it . clean , Ibis one business services It and of are the of is well chain known the amenities ,
juice fresh orange really breakfast : on ) demand at squeezed ( Plus
the long out and Gym pool swimming travel a body can where are I my after . and in city tedious work
Beach to Resort again like would Dana . the visit We
. , this they rooms at when stay have free I hotel prefer
in lift building There is . the
relaxing someone I . wanting recommend a time would for this
luxury comfort century ! with 18th modern
the and Loads by near food and shopping walking of the sight brilliant opportunities . within , mostly is all of seeng distance
, was a what and just check in The quick flight need efficient after you . long
was . trouble friendly and to all the took The me receptionist help
hour evenings ya ya minidisco crazy all dancing ... were the ... the and kids ready an ho dinner half . after mini sleep mini to of
staff friendly with accommodation , Good clean
minutes to The in town . position remarkable his 10 nightlife get by ( , is to ) for the hotel the foot Rembrantplein
while well . Ofitsyanty working
Relax
! holiday here great retuning be , for definitely a go advise to Will people
, , sprinkles · my cheese was breakfast everything and breads and . ) , ( fruit , tea offered was personal The juice favourite chocolate delicious , coffee
bright are rooms the and and part beautiful hotel ! are and hotel every of The gardens nice the clean ,
is wifi · free
a duty of M. very very . members manager Dutch and speaks stay en Hussein good us One a pleasant warm the staff the gave welcome
sights distance s important It walking ’ s Rome within of . ’ most
of blocks station is , Italy a Centrale . hotel the called Milan central located in Terminal , Railway This from couple
Center Hotel City of , the Very Upsale In the
in Would . recommend transit when
everything trained . The hotel has by Manager stays of example leads Michel on staff a well , top , and
enough . water of Clean , plenty hot
quality Good for price
for . funny man · friendly and is amazing very hotel This guests
We enjoyed te meals .
Nice
and professional friendly , helpful Staff .
days got . time 5 of relax maximum I
enough not Staff do you . for can
Great central location
Luxemburg in the gardens . are And also walking distance
one place This vacation for of is the best .
a management years few has it and when better and we back refurbed go been in had time . would great
the efficient brand fitness , friendly , Tallinn and to new view Seems eleventh nice floor and in is rooms with , over staff the be very
quiet and and Lots , peace staff , choose of to that who those and for want some and good facilities humorous from . friendly restaurants activities
choice good A
country Genuine and people
, gel important . hotel tickets razor bus with but things little for like provides The
the . Hotel options dining Nice in
rooms , clean Good tasteful meals and choise
and . free Internet high speed is connection
really very , give , friendly helpfull help The or we . us as always there information food everywhere was and good felt was to the everybody was staff good
I everything about : was absolutely have to complain nothing . good
enjoy and Relax
. heart 2 the Location of the in district Deco Art blocks · form beach
clean is and are all . inclusive an package rooms The it immaculately
you wish done be will Everything
the was the around smiling was of .. the delicious ... food .. Everything faces all you , ... kindness staff great ,
dining staff room the ourselves we The dinner . to made table sure and had was a excellent all
conncetion fi and · Free Wi . good
walk Quite station Amsterdam.Major to subway 8 and free advantage parking OK next mins . hotel within is
architecture Beautiful landscape 's made beautiful , by were hotel and views . staff this friendly only more ,
a food great a and there bar , . out , The the gym is work morning basement in for is is brilliant small
with style recently attention Appears to that was renovated and detail done and hotel . so the
view . sea . room with staff helpful Clean nice balcony . a
with a and service nice . in people top very · relaxing stay But
staff . , stay and general and helpful pleasant In , attentive was is the
! package and Staff are great fantastic whole the was holiday
access Nice good Messe the to and with city hotel
many nearby and are caffees shops there . , restaurants So
can and away beach staff went was you waterpark hotel 's a is , has it fantasic and on do week great ideally we the it fun it . chilled , situated for 's which amazing out enough own is not the it for This
nice facilities . walk just is center hotel Very city good the 15min from hotel . the wellness with a
. all bus station Near to train Milano stop Centrale airports with
across the . street A nightclub right
very , spread it hotel over was 's have think restaurants 5 . the restaurants people nice so so never The 's crowded like I so they that it 5 good are
this the of in have best found I Europe for . while service travelling I one stayed in hotel value and
the , nice as helpfull as lobby bar There a . very was staff and lovely in is friendly well and
. The was room OK
and transfer to . , to close shopping the restaurant
was best have can that and was thing . my to there fun a animation find club everything from great there are you I holiday.really rest friendly the it everybody
holiday , priced home · on France was . this hotel way easy our to our it from reason to had was in parking a reasonably find main choose and The
by so to , close reach public transport Nevskii On . , easy metro to
. the maintained and I hotel worked perfectly clean well the found AC
was in lobby served Complimentary breakfast . good the
was included Breakfast and substantial .
big real was a , entertain people rooms nice , , warm 4star always , hotel nice animation are staff to beach itself sea very trying the the is , hotel team
wishes Staff always comply with to was . happy our
. grounds nicely the laid expansive The are out villas across
the enjoyed breakfast and was dinner We . great it hotel at both and one
located , transport good public all a on spot is . hotel The around
comfortable TV a , the bed bathroom room bathtube everything and a really was essential big The whole and · with had minibar . huge and
in nice spot a hotel Trendy
center The minute drive 10 of . a away just · is 15 Trier
( We very 50 number beautiful a a ) position in villa , was and the . clean in well it overlooking stayed beach furbished was sea
big and was luxurious The as room . expected
. beds not als soft too The were too not hard perfect and :
get in people and the and water garden the the pond Many are whole day in lagune also cleaned the . working
Quiet . location
. Executive a Lobby impression and , Lounge Room good left
Lovely hotel .
by . cuisine surprised the hotel in excellent We were the
very almost newly . area decorated and good looks , The reception
Practical
Beddings warm comfortable and . were
Café a really visit is . Sultana worth
were , Via tour city minutes we minute 5 back on from into got bus . , walk hotel the 15 Gran tour off the Madrid , in went
hotel the is . bus the hotel from To shuttle the gratis ,
all rounder Good
recommend every themed recommend a disco , reserve i dinner every team and italian was this in what show and u , clean night , hotel , can romms animation food big we bored · , really friendly especially I , and are werent nice evening also fresh restaurant can was so good time
and excellent international , was buffet was food style The food . hotel
very courteous was . The staff and friendly
people great times Good ,
super coktails nice drinks
makes away and at feel 's which . you a warm hotel right comfy home It very
honeymoon Beautiful
The new a improvement definete is management
special might . architectual to The design features appealing be first hotel and 's it due at
and easy sightseeing ( positioned metro well to connected ) with city . Well airport access for
. is Hotel good ambience
at Budget Milan , Centrale Terminale the hotel
again and definently to try area . Hope stay to soon and return here will the
of areas year sea.What food is say.Love had we lots there by great great jamaica.And was the i can . staff staff to were next Palladium the time.The the the all a Grand private hope great.And see We
good Very nice . hotel and
the modern However is . room and attractive and , hotel
most definitely which . was important clean to is It us
, rooms clean were such food the bathrooms the . and large variety had excellent were a the very hotel ,
al beache to busses time at drinks and the
Beautiful beach , , friendly surroundings staff nice
25 confortable tram room ) really of the , center front from beds walk far hotel station but just . quite not ( Hotel minutes in too from really , station main ,
screen close The , artwork balcony TV in and to is , good and many the Louvre comfy nice flat a so , fantastic · very sights bed size very · room other location , had . also
ask all good , . price for I basic clean can thats for and the , a It location
in a a sence good partyplace Not .
coffee welcoming as discount , , restaurant VIP bar we areas laundry a wine offer / bar Having / sweets + things several ( , Member services ... ( Level , ) on tea free clubs breakfast , ) had of several , shopping bottle , the free , alcohol lounge access + mini reception restaurant ( ... VIP refilled for
s about is to Waterloo A ´ to . close very , walk to it minutes Big pounds 12 and 5 station Victoria táxi Bem
excellent . that smilling according good of sea.very .. people like will to place . be forget of they i not would helpfull friendly the i gt again hotel how in emploeys the faces very the & price ; were and the
food price the good was . 95 With € of rate a an hotel airport
hotel near Cozy Monmarte to French
hotel 4 Good stars
and walking ! is minutes , beach The is sea was staff friendly the the great 2 very
, bad service on stretchers we so the so with But on lawn super layed it was not the
worth the But and whole it experience was . nice
All Resort comfort
and . bungalow guys very pleasant were always , helped was excellent pool the The
was surprise a That .
. but and style , renovated top the a rooms line is very , really modern The of classy are in service
also We the · room fuss and . groundfloor without so any a a access of staff great scootmobile for team sorted problem , no parking management scootmobile was was had my and
the , liked rest Overall I .
from . any our we ride bus not and location the never needed stay far city Great during centers
it day and a in City delightfully place is after The a to tranquil . return the lovely for atmosphere busy relaxing us was to and sightseeing
generous variety liked at . of the food We the different restaurants
: separate dressing The ideal , and a room comfortable · · bed romantic bathroom for large room well . furnished stay was equipped
minutes foot from terminal train It is . located Amsterdam cetral 7 away by
were . little we the staff but Unfortunately very very friendly speak helpful German and
Amsterdam Short to . drive RAI
to a we a could trip After . day Luxor 24.00 until possible 's it dinner because long still have
Staff were . friendly
hostal cheap this · of it center located . and the is Advantages in
. friendly Staff and helpful were
hot too . always was Food
just of to , the `` out `` Perfect real center discover ( the only ) stops · . Bahn hotel with 2 Köln U
from find thing all kinds The would of main arabic of world most you I English Russian languages say etc last the . that different to world . employees can the know regions food German like of is
! gardens swimmingpools and Beautifull
. Okay trip for business a
is Tivoli in and within a center the you easily distance never plus general . it , walking being The Location spot a huge excellent and distance city could to building lost from such get
, · bathroom small clean but
but attentive , and suggest courtesious a desert management . selection of more staff I careful Very would of suppliers the trips
were . and relaxing sauna pool , very and clean The jacuzzi
are sports etc excursions ( water . ) There , do mountain many to things
employes bar friendly and at Kind the , . reception and supermarket
complain can anything I . 't really about
returning definitely Will be
an of edgy hotel design A area Paris in
all recommended We . as well enjoyed be in the · and can
friendly Dog
Dana beach . to next holiday resort visit again We in decided our
one , many for , the , and . bar pools after and ) The children looked supermarket , with · restourant village is swimming well adults camping , two · smaller for , other · provided the comforts (
to I love . would go back
Fantastic everything done perfect hotel make · . holiday to your
Polite professional . and
very food was every of good `` `` . evening choice fitness Also
center `` shopping Diagonal `` hotel Mar Splendid . near
with nice perfect Breakfast was a variety .
and Smart simple
very helpful are their comfortable Employees and Ihsan customers and do to , especially mr. keep . best kind
nice with Very maisonette room very , hotel nice
only 10 , centre takes the the Situated the , across but one main to of the . city form river so bridges minutes walk close
a I but heating trouble adjusting help , the was bit had of quick .
, renewed Clean rooms .
much 't the don about option for and be and you looking the , room size . available this you might `` the budget an hotel are care facilities at you hotel `` then If
in a have carte and a lot dinner carte . of to restaurants reservation could for There and la restaurant la liked we a ottoman make easily a bars mostly is restaurants.We
stars a . is 4 Palace Empire good hotel The
up have amp got & , Thereafter changed service ; . i it room call the
at bad No comments all .
The are walls halls with fancy . darker
me during and . for my children and stay also husband my i activities different for found many at my titanic beach
. times last 3 at hotel I 've the 12 month stayed for
great hour airport for an the of views the out the Worked with . area and in gym
can anyone hotel recommend . I this to
. restaurants bars and Range of
hotel had overall stay at the . an We OK
nothing we was this did at . not like hotel There that
