is crowded . area hell pool The as
10m2 about room , very is small The
the bar in didn what ! But the lobby 't , music really other I old en way like all was bars the to
small we in . stayed unbelievable was The room
room really ! After the in angry minutes already staying I 10 was
very room was the old be new I of hope will My this and time old rooms that
! all Not recommended at
: tiny · portions dinner · points Min (
. the night till music every at plays very loud campsite midnight bar The
. Noisy extreme the in
very Not ! good
very you of all . kind all prepare sell One you yourself the to bother big workers that trying time , shop minus to persistent things
I very I tiny reality knew small in should but was . expect room it
. expensive Transport airport to the too
a hotel difficult car extremely get the to . to with Generally is
hotel from km Orly small a . It in very is airport 5
for Really poor food Brits at ! this hotel
. loud music Very
the were the really things center . that shopping though were The bad hotel in bad
't I Thomsons ever wouln again use .
room . · The old in fashioned was staying I very was
Terrible room
English does at all ! ! not staff Some speak any
! Terrible hotel
! stay Terrible
I is terrible the smelled and escalator to which the morning my this to the hotel hotel and out from walk ! there ; walked it of office During the got ;
. very is area common small The
very I would it My even , was call claustrophobic room . small
. Marseillan place really dirty is plage a
. room small and Very bathroom
serious such situation unhappy of in a this very very staying treatment times We about are after and there lot .
worse Miami The South In Hotel Beach
To all at costs avoided be .
akward Very
verry the During . bad cleaning sray our was
Unacceptable
. modest The poor and breakfast choice very is the is very
Hotel Horrible
It basic very is . really
, bad service manager Terrible bad , rooms very very
. the no at , the inner yard · only · biggest window all view complaint Probably from
elevator in hotel Robbed of !
for a which could we The bikes were bad take . very short trip conditions in
services too expensive . Spa
reservations thing and area and we was the , the only that they the that poor us that The the quality had charged even bad was covered in despite fact . , breakfast really restaurant
experience awful
AVOID ! ! ! !
poor . very Lounge
beaches The swimming totally jammed and pools were .
very . Food basic
Area around . awful is
five Hotel stars ! worth never
we were deficient pension without stayed the kitchenware and And . any · very
NOT ABSOLUTELY THE MONEY FOR ... VALUE
This awful place is . just
again Never
A of noise lot .
behaved of of almost over you was you rushed in Hotel . children knocking who full badly front
Very . area dangerous
. terrible cleaning Room was
really was It Bad .
all floor at not and cleaned sleeping Bathroom .
the expresso that was double services as of asked I coffe for instead filter I they wanted the normal for disapointed me very a ... charge by breakfast to
! Never room ! the money had worth for the the and ! to we stay pay
. very where Carpets old
. All very conditions in furniture is poor
as to ground are a was The hours roads lengthy the the very . 2 drive gridlocked morning each
upset this hotel ! very am about I
bad Very hotel
again ! Never
Really gross
, especially unconfortable were bed mattress ! the The
was music ! ears loud so your it made sting Piped
at hotel comfortable a . Not all
