amp foods ; Atmosphere of & varieties ! Great
at wellness Dorint Messe Amazing an der facilities
excellent . was Everything
his food and . ; chef excellent Excecutive team great
again come We will !
cleanliness Excellent space and . room
perfect was Everything . absolutely
was needed we the was ) to welsh to around if amazing . always w.g her animation : the girl Stephanie speak
super . Animation just team
are excellent , It is really . all and clean food staff friendly is spotlessly
The you day next . exceptional breakfast service was provided and the
Sensational located hotel superfriendly
m a ’ . whenever definitely there again chance get I I going
the and our the very high reception as maintained was to area were The a standard villa area . around grounds dining also
Excellent location
chldren . excellent and adults for facilities
of heart Ideally Florence the in Situated
clean very and polite the . very there staff and excellent The are are speak English rooms
Superb .
Highly recommended
wilderness A oasis brilliant a desert in
tv Good size ! ! !
beach place golf Excelent for and
! was ! great fun , it Thank ! guys you
are People great !
Check cake was . · / in · Check out of piece a
rocko brilliant , because ! a star should axaha alanani in they hotel be five and were working
Frankfurt Best hotel in
en excellent very . was was friendly the staff Hotel
having there : . wonderfull most ... ) I the time time , fun had all the
quite it get the from other and and one casino is takes big place the shops The the to , to to especially . get while to a hotel very
. colorful is It and perfect getaway very for romantic a
. Absolutely pools unique
Very staff B kind recommendable extremely with & amp B ;
wonderful A holiday
! Nice
in compared I this highly with resort recommend especially ones would Sharm .
super Absolutely hotel and relaxing gorgeous
holiday in . our like on felt We us paradise
Unforgettable
very beaituful is . Hotel
enjoyed .. Bliss ! Really
. was great centre Internet
hotel the and dinner of Location excellent
selection with . the I impressed was breakfast
Good Good , . staff , RELATIONS bars restaurants very very , , spa Pool , ) staff ( GUEST fitnes
were The food outstanding choices .
. great the All services were
I ! recommend course Dana of Beach
a for Had good stay very . two nights
he A. given blue we the closer General could repeat helpful Y walking the not moved these to problem also When were rooms . and to presented bands facilities . have been Manager two to family adjacent to were allocated , more visitors Mr
did as really time we when our 2010 this in enjoyed we staying stay .
. hotel Excellent
the best ! Hurghada hotel It ! for in us ! 's
the maintained The owners place . well very
Owners . servings with were the generous breakfast very
way every in Perfect
very . Staff helpful
amazing paid Absolutely for price the we !
, , so Anna us treated she hostess as a amazing the VIPs smart , lounge The was LEVEL at . and was friendly there was service elegant bar very named ,
Arena next event at Lanxess certainly come when we We have another back will year
far best so ever experienced had our stay . , holiday We
at enjoyable stay very We the . hotel a had
the staff very . and were clean friendly really rooms The
! nice hotel Very
. Very very good
Tuscany . This the and I can wait of was can until picturesque again I go not back most
a Seven is Hotel star . This
. staff very friendly The were
stay ! Perfect
it Would ! highly recommend
vacation ever ! Best
Amsterdam well mins 8 center city min walk Very 25 to subway + conected ·
to great . in The Steigenberger is place Frankfurtter Hof stay Frankfurt a
favourite ever my have place I This holiday been to was !
The Sheraton recommendable . is Hotel Jumeriah highly
The . Staff were Hotel very and welcoming
we hurghada . of in the ever one 's best holidays had It
good Very possibilties . parking
nice The hotel very . was
awesome are Pools .
of . staff Service was all wonderful
Very hotel good
is the best and and . again we again be will Dana back
organization beginning the the and excellent from service of . conference outstanding the attended I very was was The
, friendly , very all are . trying they very Otherwise , very
and this six , were stayed . We night hotel very we safisfied in
So the is . very convenient location
absolutely is beautiful The resort .
for . Great Price stay Weekday
A very place pleasant
had evening Do their meal fish delicious a . I , try that
! hard ... Hermitage leave it Grand to Melia
Melia just Grand awesome Hermitage is
Best in Hurghada hotel
trained Front extremely and very is well desk . positive
definitely I returning Holland on my to will trip be next !
. Have Christmas this for in hotel wonderful stayed
to the . beach Very near
hotel . highly recommend this We
, best hotel at Dana Hurghada ! Beach Egypts
perfect price service The the , . was amazing
food wonderful , Rooms .
hotel Gilde Deventer The in ever ! best NL , I on Niuewstraat Hotel is the have been in
Absolutely breathtaking
good and . very are quality offer Wellness
restaurants offering a wide Excellent . range
hotel Excellent
perfect staff The friendly is location the . and central
! friendly staff Very
. very hotel very is very excellent very The very very very
Great hospitality
and We at incredibly price cheap decided this to it . an found book hotel little
. Rooms clean were very
. the of staffs foreign We very were over languages knowledge suprised
on but luxury land a Its cruise ship . basically concept
recommend my family this all . time and resort It and highly by would was friends had to excellent an I
tennisfriends . stay in 8 Dana a We very Beach nice with had
Ideal the for . location center convention Forum
importen everyone working we , that ever is peopel most thing are meet . the most The who good are there
will come Sri again Lanka · we !
bar Very . restaurant good and
for This ! offers good money ! value hotel !
among of ! five ever I this the visits · one top rank would
was as directions us . Alphons places with visit very area the as to helpful in well in helping
Very cool hotel
Great ! Hotel
whole . clean very was Our as the hotel was room
respects ! In · all great other
Big is . the huge park connection hotel in the pluss to
diner freezing was The breakfast and aerea !
is . Location perfect
just arrived have We from place this . marvelous
it some For want realy rest relaxatio and is who great people .
is very hotel ! The clean
for money Great value
Our holiday nice . very was
satisfied . were the hotel with We very
reasonable now and will definitely book we with early price of well . again was very as the the room The discounts
was us special for to very honeymooners suprise The .
awesome team animation Great an with holiday
holiday Amazing
great Everything was .
perfect rooms are clean The and very . double
enjoy small delicacies found The who to market save ! of Rimini weekly the the kitchen be recommended in with a old money rooms highly and for the that can at those part want are
on and a scrambled of food jam egg after france in this range to toast we for 3 · and offered behold breakfast A . weeks bread was wonderful on feast were
location great A
and are Martha Alphons hosts . fantastic
arrival eight were made had rooms to all feel very . welcome eight couples We and on
everything hotel a was Such , excellent lovely
hotel ! chic
very everything good in . All all was
But night at . very silent
. best of holidays I One have had the
in service experienced ever I have all . inclusive The best Egypt
! ! recommended ! ! Higly ! !
other a quiet site . with very on view Rooms are
We . very enjoyed much
you Everybody if easy to get it need is Russian speaks something informed . and very
! Frankfurt 's finest
sure for will come back We
at stays great well . · trips as stay place for short as to business For
the accommodation money horrible for Absolutely
excellent . very service friendly and was All staff
! ! water ever and seen kuku Sasha especially which gym THE with ANIMATIONS BEST 've · I !
Turkey in hotel The great
resort Great
. on Dana Beach · heaven a of earth bit
fantastic Good Very Food Hotel
at November Ibis stay Great in Bilbao
lovely The location is and . arranged very surrounding
5 star Excellent hotel
from we departure to ... time made . checked feel The our the very us in welcome staff
Thank wonderful a you . for experience such
has ! This hotel everything
park and around the . very hotel nice surroundings was the The
saff our . were handled by All perfectly requests
! good very ! hotel
The beach . very was nice
. are very clean rooms The
. the very All Good sercices was
really . the service The was and great staff was superb
this ! began good ! enough about stay We will back ! be year but cant definitely to we , things our say
nice . breakfast They really serve a
Surprise service food · great room , and
staff a , was with superb and great Hotel room restaurants .
Excellent staff and hotel
luxuries charm unique old world is of blend modern a the royal It and . the
food is ( 's great ) The there twice . ate · Bubba Steakhouse especially
recommended highly Definitely can . be
We but vacation nothing excellent had . , an credit
they about taking very guests are Dolphin , Hotel ! staff care was at the the Club helpfull The
Really lovely resort
Great Beach holiday Resort Dana in
beach resort Excellent
the food is in very The good very general rooms also
hotel . Excellent & ; service amp
very pleasant This . is a hotel
class in Best
Best ! to have we been hotel
enjoyed We Köln the nice Dorint a weekend in . break very
true Loved for a life friend is staff Eran the amination , especially
from food . breathtaken bar Fantastic the , view
good Very
of one . use hotel best I is Always the ever
Fantastic view to old the city
Holiday have Best years had we in
good Bar is very .
bars restaurants of . of and , food selection Excellent choice
Very . everywhere clean
The know hotel best we
resort amazing . just Couldn for a 't better ask the people · are
this ! Love resort
were and . and stay the in in found november the month i february titanic month staff 2012 month stayed beach again a also march i fantastic a in a . fantastic for hotel a spa 2012 in 2013 to
doing is ther exelent job . Everybody
my very view the mountains . was nice balcony from Although of
me for enjoyable vacation The and family most
been a . has wonderful very pleasant grounds facility a It created from
been view canal and not . better the of Delightful the situation have could
in . hotel Hurghada best The
relaxing the , was old even so the gardens staff and with atmosphere walkways The buildings . ,
. general 's were The languages staff and excellent foreign competences
. highly definitely recommended A hotel
We . liked that really
But very were ! food comfortable excellent the indeed and rooms the
but ... facility , Wonderful
Excellent Hotel .
all very okay I But personal . said was as the
Two great were . things especially
was . super Breakfast
restaurant excellent , the Likewise is .
to was pleasure . be It great a with you
Wonderful time
Interior as rooms . superb is well as
amp Alphons facilities Martha and ; intrusive accommodating over helpful ; our & excellent amp are & and expectations way most of amp . with , amp above ; use without their , ; being hosts finding
are Rooms very . clean
Ritz and excellent · . a Stayed to Carlton South conference was at Beach the due the experience
excellent Room too service . is
is wonderfull breakfast
and drinks great Food were .
back definitely ! I come will
Siro Hotel Idea Milano San
food The incredible was . there
That ! ! ! ! sure 's BACK BE for I : ! 'LL
colleagues my to recommend visiting friends . I highly and would all area the the hotel
Loved holiday this .
very Best stay place Paris a middle of in to
. The excellent was service
marvellous service The ! was
was exceptionally . bed The comfy
. that this a nice very to I 've holiday say have hotel had I in
. doing Location business absolutely shopping is · going top or
it of course location is One Top ! the · should mention
very good are impressions feel I My generally and
This ! is awesome hotel
this , as or stolen of hearts and village cycling Agia a especially hotel have car well mountain our to Rent marina.Chania visit the .
stay . had wonderful We Sri Lanka in a
Great holiday !
Great choice .
that I recommend , definitely Save the hotel .
Best hotel in Club Topaz holiday
Club touring and Hotel . in dat Lanka to Sri our Dolphin We at spent only can best 7 the 5days as described days what be holiday
was great Mamlouk !
a is hotel top Beach Dana !
are . huge The rooms
recommend I . it strongly
ever ! Nicest hotel
! ! certainly I would recommend most hotel this
the very helpfull stuff
very The . atmosphere good is
Grand our . have was stay best vacation ever I Palladium had Overall the the at
with food Very happy
the fantastic sea A break weekend at
was While the much the . Marriot price owned hotel is not by lower so
. hotel Fantasic
wonderful Wonderful people place . and
pleased I say visit experience and to It have hotel the very was . at with my that am my first I
has secured very an The garage . hotel underground well
on great average it , . is But
Sausages and good very are which morning the in mashrooms are served .
Hospitality and level . at the highest services
this a for despite definately good . recommend hotel had that we and But time very would there we holidays
to is . in also other and best Have the stayed me CARLTON NH hotels definitely
wonderful is ! Breakfast
is friendly the hard please Personal to people very en work very
stay hotel Very at this . pleasant
Best holidays ever !
Just great
I ! pool rooftop loved swimming
wonderful Absolutely
holiday date best Our to
very was . program Entertainment Good
wonderful A ! stay
just and second hotel wonderful It this was great it was Stay my . at
) although an , ) chips hotdogs BBQ and salad The five burgers restaurants fish occasional was just beach , free excellent . choice gave ( bar food of
very talk . is , , and difficult a of The some it 's friendly little always ready it okay help staff but to them with to is
A piece heaven of little
. can hotel beat be of location this The 't
hotel Top .
back you thank ... this come will · great for I sure time for
. is Opera in located near perfectly Hotel Paris Massena
worth . stay the comfortable to really , Dorint a visiting and is place very Köln
welcoming Very !
perfect for resort holiday perfect The the
Paradise on earth
was . Mamlouk resort great
with good ! te Keep going on work
is hotel . great The
had We good baby · keen was the 4 and old us · us table month very for with . a the find to and stroller a personnel
moct very Staff buffett super awesome ; ; convenient the had capable shuttle comfortable are beds . service breakfast I have airport is ever ; is
were and The . staff wonderful atmosphere
, Sasha , Denis . ... Tyson Emeli very , Kristina friendly staff ,
The was them was for staff trouble too wonderful . , much absolutely nothing
and vacation Awesome resort
is Cleanless the very all good zones in
Very services Good
time a holiday Every wonderfull is
ever Our far so holiday , best stay
excellent Columbus is the great . the of Italian . also staff is coffecorner service The
Excellent
is in Melia best the ! Bulgaria hotel
trip inclusive Great ! all
excellent dinner . is very Breakfast good , is
bartenders of attentive pleasant were always pool needs and . The extremely our
Resort Dana · Beach great !
Reception staff was friendly very .
Resort very with . % nice A comfort 100
and place for ! pleasure Great business
was a holidays perfect for ! wonderful It choice
night great hotel one . at stay We had the a
vacationd ; Excellent honeymoon amp &
hotel Perfect
excellent The entertainment pool , was amazing the . was
. biggest and biggest bathroom Golden Sands think room hotel in Bulgaria the i in
checking out was and friendly the . very When in staff
. clean Water was very
· of overall Great part wedding party vacation
to stay place weekend for Great . extended
... ... ... The personnel work excellent
friendly . Very personal
The looks . spectacular hotel
. Great pool , size incredible room
enjoyable really holiday A
Dievole was absolutely and stunning . Villa Hotel
end fancy location Louise at are shops situated . of excellent lots Avenue close with by and the The of is restaurants
grewat gym excellent area . with Spa facilities
was reception helpful way in every most The .
... in the on is ( is the decorated your though and city great . room try overcharged included breakfast at Breakfast ) and somewhat so furnished lounge superbly view delicious book to Carlton NH
very staff . much Hotel
rooms and . cleanliness excellent of were impeccable The the standard
a For 2nd fantastically stay time the
the is best Melia ! hotel
Best in town
additional of us well those enjoy guests the tell proper and excellent suggest can dress . like so as as facilities the I signage staff use etiquette for facilities quests
great offered hotel leisure The . activities
holiday wonderful a for Topaz Hurghada in hotel
room was hotel The top . class
end some week and hotel you your · This with if partner is relaxing need lovely . perfect
cleanliness room from noticed . Outbeaten lobby to
vacation I IT best had the 've ... was ever .
staff Excellent holiday and excellent
and Amazing money excellent . location value for
were great The staff . also hotel
an receptionist very . Again vriendly
Amazing hotel
, We a all ! lot enjoyed
Perfect
is . hotel this The about best its location
Tops the Top . of
. very all were but also ) friendly Mo the others
enjoyed . our stay really We
dream . The are a showers
bathroom was . and superb Park Its lovely Nells with and position excellent our was room shower beside
Hotel ! perfect is
hotel Best
recommended the are Breakfast . as also , in ( is pricy bar rather ) highly drinks
back sure Will for ! come
that english , is speaking Russian intensive great , Animation Riko cool the , to prepare at an . least otherwise especially yourself course speaks
visit we to machine was meeting about the fabulous was our . were The worry serviced of ( on to without the the able coffee room elements and well ) Agenda focus very having operational
