It 's next to everything
The apartments are large and spacious .
The receptionist very friendly and efficient .
In general , it is a pension that is good for a few days , you walk a quarter of an hour and you can take the tranche that can take you to the old case .
Away from the Center Ideal for going to the beach , it is a 5 minute walk away .
2 minutes from the old town , breakfast , correct room
The situation , in the center of Tarragona , Plaça de la Font .
Install excellent features lenses , modern decoration and very central location .
The beach on Paseo de la Ribera is 2 minutes away and the one from San Sebastián 5 minutes away .
We all liked it .
Luckily they have ear plugs . - Very central location - Very friendly staff .
The room in general is quite large and it lacks nothing .
The views , the breadth of the bed for two people , the tranquility of the environment , the ease of parking on the street .
Spacious , quiet place , well connected .
Panoramic views of Bilbao !
The buffet breakfast that is pretty good and the coffee are made at the moment .
The excellent treatment received from all the hotel staff , so friendly and willing to attend to all our needs .
Quiet environment
Health We have made a small exit for Zaragoza and its surroundings , it is advisable and this hotel ( Avenida ) would recommend it to everyone Thanks for this stay Health
Very convenient and well located , better than many 3 stars I 've been to .
It 's hard to find something negative .
Again we repeat at this hotel .
I liked the facilities , the bungalow and the well-taken care of everything .
The bed , with the necessary pillows .
We liked the independence that you give your accommodations with the right kitchen .
The rooms are spacious and very modern and bright , with an innovative layout .
The good treatment and the comfort of the bed .
Two minutes from the beach .
Sharply frightened very pleasant picina very wide lounges , if it rains one day you can read in one of the lounges and not be closed in the room .
Very well located , quiet and noisy .
The tea in the terassa , l , the width of the bed , the possibility of making a bite after 24:00 , the friendliness of the worker etc etc ...
The staff are very friendly , friendly , family friendly and helpful .
We can not say anything negative !
Ideal for a weekend .
The friendliness of the receptionist .
One of the best hotels as comfort , tranquility , the variety of breakfast comfort of the double bed and sizes a huge terrace of the suite silence a huge garden at 5 min from the urban center
A detail to thank .
Reception staff very good and correct
It 's new since it was opened in the month of June .
Situation , clean , very pleasant service , correct breakfast
It is like a large house adapted to rent rooms .
Good facilities , very clean , quiet , family atmosphere , good entertainment .
No bad experience
The global proposal makes Sant Benet 's world of cultural heritage , quality cuisine at a very tight price and rest .
Very clean and well maintained , excellent location , very nice decor , very comfortable bed .
At 1 minute from the main beach and 2-3 from the stream where there is little parking for free without problems .
It is a hotel that is worthwhile for families with children or teenagers .
It 's the second time I 'm in this hotel , the situation is unbeatable and the rooms are large and comfortable .
It looks like new .
Your situation near Picadilly is perfect , not needing public transport at any time .
The staff are friendly and friendly .
We 'll be coming back .
We were in the 4 room very spacious and comfortable
The room is spacious and comfortable .
An experience to repeat .
Correct breakfast
Free private pk area on the edge of the hotel .
All very correct and according to the price we paid .
The decoration , the personal treatment and the location .
It 's a very peaceful camp , people in general are quite respectful , we have not had any noise problems , do not let us sleep .
The situation and the comfort of the room .
Modern rooms , comfortable and clean .
Friendly at reception .
They have a fantastic library , the staff is very nice , the rooms are very welcoming , the value for money and the situation are unbeatable .
The hotel was in a street in the center , the great location with free parking at 2 min
The proximity to the town .
Perfect for spending one or two nights in the center of Donostia without losing time in journeys .
Regardless of this , the metro stop to go to the center is 5 minutes from the hotel .
The treatment , the details , the good taste , the generosity in the breakfast , the good education , the facilities to spend pleasant days , make life easy for us .
It is well located .
Its location , two minutes from the googgenheim . very nice staff
The room is correctly soundproofed .
Let the dog take you , something unusual in our country .
Great location for my needs ( close to the Congress Palace ) relatively close to the center .
Very little detail is taken care of ... I 'm sure I will repeat it .
Very comfortable , well-taken care of spaces , very large and comfortable bed .
A clean , comfortable and large hotel .
The friendliness of the staff , the location of the hotel and the good overall cleaning of the hotel .
Cafes and teas available in the room .
the bed overall I liked everything .
Modern and comfortable facilities .
It is one step away from Portlligat and the moments of relaxation in the pool with views are expectaculars ... The apartment we took was a studio for 2 people and was very well with a terrace of about twelve square meters with views of the bay of Cadaques .
You have a car park just next door and it 's a quiet hotel .
Breakfast very complete , very friendly and attentive staff and great facilities .
The apartment we were in was very quiet both day and night , despite being in the central area .
Relatively close to Stansted Airport .
Excellent location in the heart of the city
The breakfast is full and varied .
Little noise
The hotel is newly constructed , the decoration of the hotel in general I of the private rooms is very well maintained , quiet , good service and a fair value for money .
Good facilities Reasons , very clean , quiet , family atmosphere , good entertainment .
Nothing negative
And the fact that they have room to park the car for free also helps .
Smoke also not present .
The carpet of the pool ... Location , clean , swimming pool and a good buffet breakfast .
The location of Cal Marrufés , in a quiet and noisy town , in a very pleasant environment .
I plan to go back .
The pool , the bar service very accessible and that there are enough sunbeds for the guests .
The hotel situation is extremely good , it is very close to the historic center and not too far from the most modern part .
Very well located , near the old town and the Termibus station ( about 10 minutes ) .
If you have to go to the Auditorium Theater in Sant Cugat it is very close and it is ideal to stay there if you do not want to be late in Barcelona .
You have privacy , comfortable beds and pillows .
There are activities all day , for adults and children , not to get bored .
I like it because of its situation , where from here I can move everywhere .
Thank you so much .
The situation , the kindness of the staff , have renovated the ground floor and is a nice bar .
Very good location : quiet ? but with services next door
There is nothing negative at all
the location The kindness of the reception staff , very professional .
Everything very clean and new .
It is decorated in harmony with the place and both the attention of the staff and the breakfast are excellent .
In any case , the hostel is very well located , the staff is friendly and very close , the room is fine .
Clean and spacious rooms .
I have nothing negative to say .
We touched one that was right , in the morning some rooms were opened by the cleaning staff and they are much nicer and more welcoming .
The location of the hotel : sunlight , natural open spaces , incomparable remote landscape .
Good attention from him . Personal and correct insclusions , good value for money .
Good location
I liked the amount of plugs I had .
The tranquility , the location and the ease of finding parking
Comfortable and clean room .
Very spacious , well equipped with everything necessary to spend a few days in the center of san sebastian , with a magnificent decoration , cleanliness and friendliness of Emy its owner .
The large and beautiful rooms .
Excellent and suitable cuisine for celiacs if necessary .
The rooms are spacious and very nice .
It is practical because it is in the center of Tarragona
The peasant breakfast with first sausages and masia wine .
There is a very full buffet of sweet and salty !
Nothing , everything very correct It is just what we were looking for , a place to stay . It is quiet and out of the commercial circuits and quite affordable .
They gave us a renovated room with a jacuzzi .
We will return
Nothing that is within Puigcerdà and it seems that you are in the wild .
The location , the decoration and the comfort of the beds
A swim in the pool after a bacana and breakfast with products from the area , ... .
To be in the center of the city The amplitude of the floor The views to the mountain .
It is next to Gloucester Road ( subway station ) that if you come from Heatrow are 45 min , by metro , great ! ! !
The size of the hotel is neither large nor very small , well located for business or for visiting the city .
The staff had a very positive attitude trying to make things easier for you to make your stay more enjoyable .
Good communication and close to everywhere .
The kindness of the staff , the excellent breakfast buffet and the comfort
The breakfast was buffet , very complete .
Nothing to emphasize The room is spacious and nice .
Adames is not far from the old quarter
Quiet area
Triple room ample .
A typical farmhouse , restored and very well maintained .
Very nice natural orange juice The family treat and attentive at all times .
Every new force
He rests a lot and isolated from everything .
It is close to the break , and therefore the journey with the luggage is short .
And the rooms are comfortable .
Very good situation , clean and polished .
The toilet very well , and the few apartments that the pressure of the water is perfect ! ! ! : - )
The value for money ratio is good .
This hotel has been a great discovery .
Friendly staff , room with a very comfortable bed , natural amenities made by the owner , very good food and good quality price .
They are very spacious and have an average fridge ( half life ! ) , Very clean , parking , and reception staff is charming .
Genuine decoration and original , materials that are not damaged .
The quality , the facilities and the spaciousness of the apartment .
Amount and quality in a romantic dining room : views of the interior terrace , fireplace and well-chosen lounge music .
It is a central but quiet place .
Suitable location , close to the Guggenheim Museum and the old town .
We enjoyed the stay from the first instant to the last .
The very good service ( there was a very nice girl from Cádiz who helped us to understand how the hotel works and everything that can be done in the environment ) and efficient .
The facilities are first class and the staff is attentive and efficient .
Quiet place
Both the facilities ( room , dining room , reception ) and the close treatment of their employees .
The situation is unbeatable , next to Trafalgar Square , very attentive staff , and they provide you with all the questions you ask for .
The room very well considering that it was on offer
The bathrooms are very good , renovated .
Very good access , free parking just in front .
The situation in Cerdnya , the village , the place of the accommodation quite quiet .
Spacious room and very complete bathrooms
Staff of the nearby and pleasant hotel .
The service and everything that includes ( buffet , hospitality , comfort , ... ) for the right price .
The situation because we have our daughter living very close . surely we will repeat
Very friendly and attentive staff .
The location of the hotel is excellent and it is clean and tidy .
Totally recommended .
No negative comment .
Close to everything I walk : supermarkets , restaurants , downtown ... The attention of the Miss . Emma , ​​as always , kind and professional .
We did not hear any noise .
I like Vilanova , I studied it , ... 40 years ago , . . Hostal Can Gatell is very central , next to the station , on the Rambla , you can walk everywhere , the staff very helpful , correct , perfect ... there is no one complaint , . . the sea , the beach is very close , obviously it has grown a lot , . . but I think repeating .
Continental breakfast adapted to my needs ( without gluten ) .
The food is quite good , there is variety and the quality is correct .
Because we liked everything , being able to eat .
I asked for good views , and the truth is that I can not complain , in front and behind green and green !
The hotel is set apart from the 'bustle ' .
Excellent personal treatment .
Comfortable , clean , modern , everything works .
The best friendliness and sympathy of the staff .
I liked everything The situation and the value for money
In fact , almost everything ( central , silent , very nice and comfortable . Very good relationship with the girl of contact to rent the apartment . We will return , without any doubt .
The situation is fantastic , two minutes walk from the town hall and three from Cau Ferrat .
Have to leave as soon as the pool , the jacuzzi , install them . new features , ...
The only good ones were the sausages and the tonaquet of sucar .
nothing , everything has been perfect . We did not understand the negative comments about this hotel , with us the deal was very nice of those of the beginning , we reserved a junior suite and they provided a suite in the main building , they probably had availability , but it seemed to me a super detail , the common areas , outdoor pisicin and small spa , a wonder , in the end ... an unforgettable stay , breakfast too .
I liked the tranquility , the proximity of the beach , the round road , supermarkets to go shopping .
Everything , well located 10 minutes from the old city .
Everything very comfortable and comfortable .
The bed very large and comfortable .
We were given a spectacular superior room for free
Easy to park relatively near free ( although they have parking ) .
The situation , because it is surrounded by landscapes and green areas .
The buffet breakfast is quite complimentary .
Kindness to the Reception .
If I have to go to Girona , repeat it
Very close to the beach , lots of cleanliness and the staff was very friendly .
This is a aparthotel , which I like .
The tram stop is in front of you .
The seituation , the cleaning and the breakfast ... very complete and varied , of the best of the hotels we have visited , is fantastic ! ! !
The situation of the hotel a little away from the center and next to charming coves is great for the tranquility that is breathed .
Friendly staff
The kitchen is very well equipped and everything works well .
The room is quite nice , everything is restored and modern , the attention of the staff is also very good and the perfect breakfast ! ! !
Very complete breakfast and large hours .
Central location .
The spaciousness of the room And the cleanliness .
The location of the hotel in the middle of nature but very close to the urban case of Pals and the roads that connect with neighboring towns .
About personal treatment and location .
- Personal treatment - The sound insulation of the rooms
It really was a very complex apartment and tb x have a pool , jacutzi l and the correct garden part ... ... congratulations
Rooms with a very modern decoration and at the same time practical .
We liked having a terrace in the room .
By booking you have a free spa day And the hotel gives entrance to the Gran Casino Costa Brava
The kindness of its workers .
It is noted that the hotel has recently renovated its rooms .
The peace and tranquility that is breathed , a fantastic location , in the middle of the fields with the mountain and Torroella castle in the background .
The room is very elegant and spacious , the super large bed , the pillows very comfortable and the furniture very well cared for .
Although being so centric is quiet .
Friendly dls receptionists ... and situation . tranquility etc ... I recommend
The staff very attentive and always worried about your needs THE design of the hotel and the framework of silence and calmness that has ( garden , monastery , forest , etc . )
The spacious spaces and especially the staff of the hotel .
Comfortable and bright room .
L. apartment is central .
Very good attention and friendly attention .
Nothing recommendable
The situation of the hotel by the sea ! .
Modern hotel with spacious rooms and good connections .
Own parking And full breakfast at good price .
You have a lot of beautiful beaches in very few kms .
Convenience And space in the room
Air conditioned and Wi-Fi work fine .
Elda is very kind and close , the truth is that you feel at home !
The suite where I have stayed : the decoration , the small details , the comfort of the bed , the views from the room , the silence , the relax ... And the attention received by the hotel staff .
Good rooms
Everything was right .
It is a new , modern and pleasant hotel .
The amplitude of the parking lot because it allows you to ride bicycles without problems .
For the same price I have been in other lodgings in better conditions .
Near AP7 , it is ideal for those who are on the go or have to go to Barcelona . And they do not want to spend their money on accommodation ( the FGC train is in 30 minutes ) .
I have not had any bad experience , The situation of the hotel is exceptional , ideal to spend a few days on the beach without worrying about holidays .
Very spacious and comfortable rooms .
The apartment suite is very large with good views and with all the comforts .
The staff at the hotel is very nice and attentive .
Everything has been correct .
Beds very comfortable , complete bathroom correct .
We will be safe again
Centralized air-conditioning Treat right
Good quality price .
Accessories be .
But still I could rest .
Very quiet place , very clean and good buffet for breakfast , if we return to Puigcerdà we will repeat .
It is a correct hotel , the breakfast is very complete and of good quality .
Lots of hygiene
Very cozy and family hotel .
Clean and friendly staff .
Immediately they resolved the problem .
The hotel situation The friendliness of the staff
Good breakfast
The location of the hotel is good in relation to beaches and entertainment area .
- The cleaning - The situation : a very quiet environment , very close to the beach - The comfort : large and comfortable bed , large bathroom , many channels on the TV , coffee maker in the room , large closet
Very quiet area , away from the center .
If we return to Paris we will return .
The apartment is very spacious and with all the needs , well clean and comfortable .
Very good attention from staff and facilities very and very well
Parking included .
Perhaps double rooms on the upper floors are more pleasant .
A priori it seems to be somewhat apart , but it is very close to the river walk that leads to the old quarter ( about 30 minutes going calm , pleasant walk )
The car park , the parking areas , are 5 minutes away .
Cleanliness , friendliness of the staff and location of the hotel .
He . very good staff The quality and variety of the food are very good . the perfect beds At night , I told you some chocolates left over from the pillow and they opened the bed .
Very good location of the hotel , with different spaces , very good service , thank you for letting us enjoy the pool after leaving the room .
In the afternoon , they offer free snack that goes well to rest and take strength .
Very spacious rooms with a small kitchen , all very clean and modern .
Homemade food and very good .
The situation near the public transport , the cleaning , the attention of the personnel and the quality breakfast .
The place is very pleasant Relaxed atmosphere , far from the noise and close to many places to visit Pals Peratallada Begur ... .
Breakfast , full and varied , and the area where we eat , located in front of the pool .
Ideal to disconnect
Very clean , a very well located and pleasant pension .
The availability of the reception staff to help us in everything we needed .
Good decoration
The very good breakfast and the lady who serves him very attentive and pleasant .
Good situation , comfort and friendly service .
Ideal to relax , it has 7 rooms , thus family atmosphere .
Well isolated from outside and very comfortable ( parquet ) .
Its location is very good , next to the beach , and right next to the historic center
He had already been to Hostal Barris for his excellent location and good value for money ; On this occasion I have to comment that with the warmth of summer , I appreciate the conditioned air of the rooms and the small refrigerator , which we used to keep a bottle of cava that we had bought .
It 's good for a short break .
The facilities and the breakfast quite correct
The bungalow is very practical and beautiful .
the bathroom , the shower and that there are ipads in the dining room
All OK .
The sofas of the reception Tranquility Good treatment Good advice from the staff
The global note is between good and excellent .
The direct and personal treatment .
A nice detail .
Friendly staff , cleanliness and tranquility .
He was comfortable and was very close to the beach .
The wellbeing of the hotel and as always the excellent staff .
10 minutes by car from the beaches of Begur , and with a farmhouse or village setting .
The tranquility of the hotel and the privileged location just a short distance from La Contxa ( 30 minutes ) while walking in a privileged setting .
They were very pent-up and even , they provided you with cava , water to go to the beach , a drink on the free terrace , they ate snacks and even , they left your towels and umbrella to go to the beach without charging- you nothing
The room was facing the outside with a great view and it was large and comfortable .
Very friendly and competent staff .
Large and well-equipped apartment .
Comfortable , overwhelming the most complete we have found everywhere .
I recommend it to adult couples .
Impeccably clean , well maintained , quiet , in an unbeatable environment .
Rooms with double bed and sofa bed are large and well-distributed .
In general it is a good hotel with good facilities and great location .
But finally , after only two hours , we could enjoy the apartment .
Private parking at a reasonable price .
The room is clean and smells good luckily ; - ) I treat the staff is excellent and they try to help you with everything .
The room as a whole was acceptable ( furniture , lighting , bathroom with shower and dryer ) .
I liked everything , the lovely room , the very modern decoration and everything new , the super breakfast and the very close and friendly service .
Treatment , breakfast , surroundings , facilities ( heated pool open all hours ) , the bed , the toilet , the beds in the terraces of the room .
Going for a drink with a good atmosphere and having to go nowhere else , just go to your room to enjoy .
Glass windows of colors , which give an original touch .
nothing very friendly staff accepts our pet and we value it so much
Free parking
The correct room .
Correct quality-price ratio .
I would repeat
An ideal place to rest and disconnect .
All in all , very friendly and professional staff .
The tranquility , the charm of the house , the village and the landscape and the friendliness and authenticity of the owners
Breakfast-Buffet very complete and varied
We contract half board , since the restaurant offers a menu for celiacs , our son is it and we had no problem .
I liked everything , it was phantasy
There is always someone at the reception and they are very attentive
We had amplitude and privacy .
Very friendly and attentive staff .
The facilities are well-equipped : swimming pool and sports facilities are well maintained .
Extension of spaces .
To put something , the low water pressure in the shower The brightness of all areas , the cleanliness and Mediterranean touch in the decoration of spaces and gardens .
The treatment of the staff and their willingness to make you feel at home .
The old and new construction combined well .
The modern facilities , the tranquility of the place , the treatment of the staff and the proximity to the monastery .
The fantastic pool The Excellent facilities The very good food The service of reception and cleaning rooms very friendly and efficient .
Simple and correct for the price it has .
The room is modern , with a queen size bed for two and very well .
The best parking is for the car with a command , in an area where it is almost difficult to find a place for a motorcycle .
I went to celebrate the anniversary with the kitchen table , a couple of days ago , and they have been short . the apartment very comfortable and equipped , silences , the pool is perfect and very well maintained . we will repeat it . a good place to disconnect and relax .
I would definitely return this hotel and would recommend it to my friends if it is for a few days ... .
The bed very large and comfortable and everything very clean .
Friendliness of the staff , and confidence .
Having to leave the hotel to go to the rooms is an annex , and when you make the reservation you do not know if the room is in the hotel or is the annex . Almost everything , be very close to the center , a great buffet for breakfast , very clean , and good value for money , recommended .
It also eats pretty well .
Very calm and silent .
Hotel easy to find , well located at the entrance to the town Good Wi-Fi parking in the room
The incredible breakfast , of variety and quality .
The receptionist helped us .
But overall we liked everything , the location , the facilities , the attention , etc ... especially the buffet breakfast .
There is not much to say , price and quality more than acceptable .
The space is very quiet and I invite you to relax .
We will return without a doubt .
Ideal place to rest and disconnect .
Friendly and attentive
Quiet and with very friendly staff .
Good location near the beach .
Very good food and friendly service .
If you fly to Gatwick , you have the direct train 50 meters away .
The treatment is Excellent , the correct breakfast and the perfect location
Located at the entrance of Cadaques , separated from the noise of the tourists , but next to the streets and alleys that lead to the charm of this town .
Good food
It is located in the middle of the historic center .
If I ever come back to Saragossa , I will stay here again .
I 've heard it at home .
Good location
Bed linen and bathroom change her daily .
The friendliness of the staff and the situation .
The proximity to the center , easy access by car , the upper terrace overlooking the Cathedral
Friendliness of the staff .
From 5 to 8 a small free buffet , with a glass of wine included : original , serves to make a retreat .
Thanks to all the team , we will return .
I would repeat
Amiability and very good quality price .
Reception staff very friendly and professional .
The comfort and above all the cituación of the hotel , are located in the center of the city that gives great potential to be able to scroll wherever you want .
Full breakfast .
Let 's repeat ! !
Have parking
All renovated and very clean .
The rooms are quiet and the beds are comfortable and clean .
Air conditioning and Wi-Fi work well .
The situation is very good , centrally located .
Cozy , central atmosphere .
Even so , the current price-quality ratio is correct .
Spacious and very comfortable room .
Friendly and very friendly staff .
Renovated rooms and in good condition .
Correct bath
The situation and that it is easy to park the car .
The room was beautiful , comfortable and with a good air conditioning system .
Friendly service , install them reactions , views , peace , quiet . Litat and silence ... we 've spent only 2 nights and when we can return , we will be safe .
The 'presence ' of Mariscal in the hotel is nice .
Treatment of excellent staff , good quality and price , location in Puigcerdà Be
Friendly and helpful staff .
Treat friendly staff .
The location near the beach of Arrabassada .
Breakfast abundant , varied and of great quality , next to a fantastic and clean pool .
The tranquility of the place and the well-taken care of that they had the gardens .
Especially , the tranquility and the situation , which allows you to reach , in 40 kilometers , the mountainous areas of the Northern Catalonia .
The bathroom was modern and renovated .
The breakfast buffet menu is varied and of good quality .
The attention of the super friendly staff has helped us a lot .
The room The cleanliness The comfort Free covered parking Correct breakfast Staff friendliness
Good terrace
The enclave where it is is interesting enough for itself .
With views to fall asleep watching and very fulfilled .
I liked the location and the cleaning of the rooms .
Hostel location , well located close to the whole Romanesque area
Quiet place without parking problems .
Comfortable , clean , with free parking outside the hotel .
