It 's next to everything 
The apartments are large and UNK . 
The receptionist very UNK and UNK . 
In general , it is a pension that is UNK for a few days , you walk a quarter of an hour and you can take the tranche that can take you to the old case . 
Away from the Center Ideal for going to the beach , it is a 5 minute walk away . 
2 minutes from the old town , breakfast , UNK room 
The situation , in the center of Tarragona , Plaça de la Font . 
Install UNK features lenses , UNK decoration and very central location . 
The beach on Paseo de la Ribera is 2 minutes away and the one from San Sebastián 5 minutes away . 
We all liked it . 
Luckily they have ear plugs . - Very central location - Very UNK staff . 
The room in general is quite large and it UNK nothing . 
The views , the breadth of the bed for two people , the UNK of the environment , the UNK of parking on the street . 
Spacious , UNK place , UNK connected . 
Panoramic views of Bilbao ! 
The buffet breakfast that is UNK UNK and the coffee are made at the moment . 
The UNK treatment received from all the hotel staff , so UNK and UNK to attend to all our needs . 
Quiet environment 
Health We have made a small exit for Zaragoza and its surroundings , it is advisable and this hotel ( Avenida ) would UNK it to everyone Thanks for this stay Health 
Very UNK and UNK located , UNK than many 3 stars I 've been to . 
It 's UNK to find something UNK . 
Again we repeat at this hotel . 
I liked the facilities , the bungalow and the well-taken care of everything . 
The bed , with the necessary pillows . 
We liked the independence that you give your accommodations with the UNK kitchen . 
The rooms are UNK and very UNK and UNK , with an UNK layout . 
The UNK treatment and the UNK of the bed . 
Two minutes from the beach . 
Sharply frightened very UNK picina very wide lounges , if it rains one day you can read in one of the lounges and not be closed in the room . 
Very UNK located , UNK and UNK . 
The tea in the terassa , l , the width of the bed , the possibility of making a bite after 24:00 , the UNK of the worker etc etc ... 
The staff are very UNK , UNK , family UNK and UNK . 
We can not say anything UNK ! 
Ideal for a weekend . 
The UNK of the receptionist . 
One of the UNK hotels as UNK , UNK , the UNK of breakfast UNK of the double bed and sizes a huge terrace of the suite silence a huge garden at 5 min from the urban center 
A detail to UNK . 
Reception staff very UNK and UNK 
It 's new since it was opened in the month of June . 
Situation , UNK , very UNK service , UNK breakfast 
It is like a large house adapted to rent rooms . 
Good facilities , very UNK , UNK , family atmosphere , UNK entertainment . 
No UNK experience 
The global proposal makes Sant Benet 's world of cultural heritage , quality cuisine at a very tight price and rest . 
Very UNK and UNK maintained , UNK location , very UNK decor , very UNK bed . 
At 1 minute from the main beach and 2-3 from the stream where there is little parking for UNK without UNK . 
It is a hotel that is worthwhile for families with children or teenagers . 
It 's the second time I 'm in this hotel , the situation is UNK and the rooms are large and UNK . 
It looks like new . 
Your situation near Picadilly is UNK , not needing public transport at any time . 
The staff are UNK and UNK . 
We 'll be coming back . 
We were in the 4 room very UNK and UNK 
The room is UNK and UNK . 
An experience to repeat . 
Correct breakfast 
Free private pk area on the edge of the hotel . 
All very UNK and according to the price we paid . 
The decoration , the personal treatment and the location . 
It 's a very UNK camp , people in general are quite UNK , we have not had any UNK UNK , do not let us sleep . 
The situation and the UNK of the room . 
Modern rooms , UNK and UNK . 
Friendly at reception . 
They have a UNK library , the staff is very UNK , the rooms are very welcoming , the value for money and the situation are UNK . 
The hotel was in a street in the center , the UNK location with UNK parking at 2 min 
The proximity to the town . 
Perfect for spending one or two nights in the center of Donostia without UNK time in journeys . 
Regardless of this , the metro stop to go to the center is 5 minutes from the hotel . 
The treatment , the details , the UNK taste , the UNK in the breakfast , the UNK education , the facilities to spend UNK days , make life UNK for us . 
It is UNK located . 
Its location , two minutes from the googgenheim . very UNK staff 
The room is UNK soundproofed . 
Let the dog take you , something UNK in our country . 
Great location for my needs ( close to the Congress Palace ) relatively close to the center . 
Very little detail is taken care of ... I 'm sure I will repeat it . 
Very UNK , well-taken care of spaces , very large and UNK bed . 
A UNK , UNK and large hotel . 
The UNK of the staff , the location of the hotel and the UNK overall cleaning of the hotel . 
Cafes and teas UNK in the room . 
the bed overall I liked everything . 
Modern and UNK facilities . 
It is one step away from Portlligat and the moments of relaxation in the pool with views are expectaculars ... The apartment we took was a studio for 2 people and was very UNK with a terrace of about twelve square meters with views of the bay of Cadaques . 
You have a car park just next door and it 's a UNK hotel . 
Breakfast very complete , very UNK and UNK staff and UNK facilities . 
The apartment we were in was very UNK both day and night , despite being in the central area . 
Relatively close to Stansted Airport . 
Excellent location in the heart of the city 
The breakfast is full and varied . 
Little UNK 
The hotel is newly constructed , the decoration of the hotel in general I of the private rooms is very UNK maintained , UNK , UNK service and a UNK value for money . 
Good facilities Reasons , very UNK , UNK , family atmosphere , UNK entertainment . 
Nothing UNK 
And the fact that they have room to park the car for UNK also helps . 
Smoke also not present . 
The carpet of the pool ... Location , UNK , swimming pool and a UNK buffet breakfast . 
The location of Cal Marrufés , in a UNK and UNK town , in a very UNK environment . 
I plan to go back . 
The pool , the bar service very UNK and that there are UNK sunbeds for the guests . 
The hotel situation is extremely UNK , it is very close to the historic center and not too far from the most UNK part . 
Very UNK located , near the old town and the Termibus station ( about 10 minutes ) . 
If you have to go to the Auditorium Theater in Sant Cugat it is very close and it is ideal to stay there if you do not want to be late in Barcelona . 
You have privacy , UNK beds and pillows . 
There are activities all day , for adults and children , not to get UNK . 
I like it because of its situation , where from here I can move everywhere . 
Thank you so much . 
The situation , the UNK of the staff , have renovated the ground floor and is a UNK bar . 
Very UNK location : UNK ? but with services next door 
There is nothing UNK at all 
the location The UNK of the reception staff , very professional . 
Everything very UNK and new . 
It is decorated in UNK with the place and both the attention of the staff and the breakfast are UNK . 
In any case , the hostel is very UNK located , the staff is UNK and very close , the room is UNK . 
Clean and UNK rooms . 
I have nothing UNK to say . 
We touched one that was UNK , in the morning some rooms were opened by the cleaning staff and they are much nicer and more welcoming . 
The location of the hotel : sunlight , natural open spaces , incomparable remote landscape . 
Good attention from him . Personal and UNK insclusions , UNK value for money . 
Good location 
I liked the amount of plugs I had . 
The UNK , the location and the UNK of finding parking 
Comfortable and UNK room . 
Very UNK , UNK equipped with everything necessary to spend a few days in the center of san sebastian , with a UNK decoration , UNK and UNK of Emy its owner . 
The large and UNK rooms . 
Excellent and UNK cuisine for celiacs if necessary . 
The rooms are UNK and very UNK . 
It is practical because it is in the center of Tarragona 
The peasant breakfast with first sausages and masia wine . 
There is a very full buffet of UNK and salty ! 
Nothing , everything very UNK It is just what we were looking for , a place to stay . It is UNK and out of the commercial circuits and quite UNK . 
They gave us a renovated room with a jacuzzi . 
We will return 
Nothing that is within Puigcerdà and it seems that you are in the UNK . 
The location , the decoration and the UNK of the beds 
A swim in the pool after a bacana and breakfast with products from the area , ... . 
To be in the center of the city The amplitude of the floor The views to the mountain . 
It is next to Gloucester Road ( subway station ) that if you come from Heatrow are 45 min , by metro , UNK ! ! ! 
The size of the hotel is neither large nor very small , UNK located for business or for visiting the city . 
The staff had a very UNK attitude trying to make things easier for you to make your stay more UNK . 
Good communication and close to everywhere . 
The UNK of the staff , the UNK breakfast buffet and the UNK 
The breakfast was buffet , very complete . 
Nothing to emphasize The room is UNK and UNK . 
Adames is not far from the old quarter 
Quiet area 
Triple room UNK . 
A typical farmhouse , UNK and very UNK maintained . 
Very UNK natural orange juice The family treat and UNK at all times . 
Every new force 
He rests a lot and UNK from everything . 
It is close to the UNK , and therefore the journey with the luggage is short . 
And the rooms are UNK . 
Very UNK situation , UNK and UNK . 
The toilet very UNK , and the few apartments that the pressure of the water is UNK ! ! ! : - ) 
The value for money ratio is UNK . 
This hotel has been a UNK discovery . 
Friendly staff , room with a very UNK bed , natural amenities made by the owner , very UNK food and UNK quality price . 
They are very UNK and have an average fridge ( half life ! ) , Very UNK , parking , and reception staff is UNK . 
Genuine decoration and original , materials that are not UNK . 
The quality , the facilities and the spaciousness of the apartment . 
Amount and quality in a UNK dining room : views of the interior terrace , fireplace and well-chosen lounge music . 
It is a central but UNK place . 
Suitable location , close to the Guggenheim Museum and the old town . 
We UNK the stay from the first instant to the last . 
The very UNK service ( there was a very UNK girl from Cádiz who UNK us to understand how the hotel UNK and everything that can be done in the environment ) and UNK . 
The facilities are first class and the staff is UNK and UNK . 
Quiet place 
Both the facilities ( room , dining room , reception ) and the close treatment of their employees . 
The situation is UNK , next to Trafalgar Square , very UNK staff , and they provide you with all the questions you ask for . 
The room very UNK considering that it was on offer 
The bathrooms are very UNK , renovated . 
Very UNK access , UNK parking just in front . 
The situation in Cerdnya , the village , the place of the accommodation quite UNK . 
Spacious room and very complete bathrooms 
Staff of the nearby and UNK hotel . 
The service and everything that includes ( buffet , hospitality , UNK , ... ) for the UNK price . 
The situation because we have our daughter living very close . surely we will repeat 
Very UNK and UNK staff . 
The location of the hotel is UNK and it is UNK and UNK . 
Totally UNK . 
No UNK comment . 
Close to everything I walk : supermarkets , restaurants , downtown ... The attention of the Miss . Emma , ​​as always , kind and professional . 
We did not hear any UNK . 
I like Vilanova , I studied it , ... 40 years ago , . . Hostal Can Gatell is very central , next to the station , on the Rambla , you can walk everywhere , the staff very UNK , UNK , UNK ... there is no one UNK , . . the sea , the beach is very close , obviously it has grown a lot , . . but I think repeating . 
Continental breakfast adapted to my needs ( without gluten ) . 
The food is quite UNK , there is UNK and the quality is UNK . 
Because we liked everything , being able to eat . 
I asked for UNK views , and the truth is that I can not UNK , in front and behind green and green ! 
The hotel is set apart from the 'bustle ' . 
Excellent personal treatment . 
Comfortable , UNK , UNK , everything UNK . 
The UNK UNK and sympathy of the staff . 
I liked everything The situation and the value for money 
In fact , almost everything ( central , UNK , very UNK and UNK . Very UNK relationship with the girl of contact to rent the apartment . We will return , without any UNK . 
The situation is UNK , two minutes walk from the town hall and three from Cau Ferrat . 
Have to leave as soon as the pool , the jacuzzi , install them . new features , ... 
The only UNK ones were the sausages and the tonaquet of sucar . 
nothing , everything has been UNK . We did not understand the UNK comments about this hotel , with us the deal was very UNK of those of the beginning , we reserved a junior suite and they provided a suite in the main building , they probably had availability , but it seemed to me a UNK detail , the common areas , outdoor pisicin and small spa , a UNK , in the end ... an UNK stay , breakfast too . 
I liked the UNK , the proximity of the beach , the round road , supermarkets to go shopping . 
Everything , UNK located 10 minutes from the old city . 
Everything very UNK and UNK . 
The bed very large and UNK . 
We were given a UNK superior room for UNK 
Easy to park relatively near UNK ( although they have parking ) . 
The situation , because it is surrounded by landscapes and green areas . 
The buffet breakfast is quite UNK . 
Kindness to the Reception . 
If I have to go to Girona , repeat it 
Very close to the beach , lots of UNK and the staff was very UNK . 
This is a aparthotel , which I like . 
The tram stop is in front of you . 
The seituation , the cleaning and the breakfast ... very complete and varied , of the UNK of the hotels we have visited , is UNK ! ! ! 
The situation of the hotel a little away from the center and next to UNK coves is UNK for the UNK that is breathed . 
Friendly staff 
The kitchen is very UNK equipped and everything UNK UNK . 
The room is quite UNK , everything is UNK and UNK , the attention of the staff is also very UNK and the UNK breakfast ! ! ! 
Very complete breakfast and large hours . 
Central location . 
The spaciousness of the room And the UNK . 
The location of the hotel in the middle of nature but very close to the urban case of Pals and the roads that connect with neighboring towns . 
About personal treatment and location . 
- Personal treatment - The sound insulation of the rooms 
It really was a very UNK apartment and tb x have a pool , jacutzi l and the UNK garden part ... ... UNK 
Rooms with a very UNK decoration and at the same time practical . 
We liked having a terrace in the room . 
By booking you have a UNK spa day And the hotel gives entrance to the Gran Casino Costa Brava 
The UNK of its workers . 
It is noted that the hotel has recently renovated its rooms . 
The UNK and UNK that is breathed , a UNK location , in the middle of the fields with the mountain and Torroella castle in the background . 
The room is very UNK and UNK , the UNK large bed , the pillows very UNK and the furniture very UNK cared for . 
Although being so centric is UNK . 
Friendly dls receptionists ... and situation . UNK etc ... I UNK 
The staff very UNK and always UNK about your needs THE design of the hotel and the framework of silence and UNK that has ( garden , monastery , forest , etc . ) 
The UNK spaces and especially the staff of the hotel . 
Comfortable and UNK room . 
L. apartment is central . 
Very UNK attention and UNK attention . 
Nothing recommendable 
The situation of the hotel by the sea ! . 
Modern hotel with UNK rooms and UNK connections . 
Own parking And full breakfast at UNK price . 
You have a lot of UNK beaches in very few kms . 
Convenience And space in the room 
Air conditioned and Wi-Fi UNK UNK . 
Elda is very kind and close , the truth is that you feel at home ! 
The suite where I have stayed : the decoration , the small details , the UNK of the bed , the views from the room , the silence , the relax ... And the attention received by the hotel staff . 
Good rooms 
Everything was UNK . 
It is a new , UNK and UNK hotel . 
The amplitude of the parking lot because it allows you to ride bicycles without UNK . 
For the same price I have been in other lodgings in UNK conditions . 
Near AP7 , it is ideal for those who are on the go or have to go to Barcelona . And they do not want to spend their money on accommodation ( the FGC train is in 30 minutes ) . 
I have not had any UNK experience , The situation of the hotel is UNK , ideal to spend a few days on the beach without UNK about holidays . 
Very UNK and UNK rooms . 
The apartment suite is very large with UNK views and with all the comforts . 
The staff at the hotel is very UNK and UNK . 
Everything has been UNK . 
Beds very UNK , complete bathroom UNK . 
We will be UNK again 
Centralized air-conditioning Treat UNK 
Good quality price . 
Accessories be . 
But still I could rest . 
Very UNK place , very UNK and UNK buffet for breakfast , if we return to Puigcerdà we will repeat . 
It is a UNK hotel , the breakfast is very complete and of UNK quality . 
Lots of hygiene 
Very UNK and family hotel . 
Clean and UNK staff . 
Immediately they resolved the UNK . 
The hotel situation The UNK of the staff 
Good breakfast 
The location of the hotel is UNK in relation to beaches and entertainment area . 
- The cleaning - The situation : a very UNK environment , very close to the beach - The UNK : large and UNK bed , large bathroom , many channels on the TV , coffee maker in the room , large closet 
Very UNK area , away from the center . 
If we return to Paris we will return . 
The apartment is very UNK and with all the needs , UNK UNK and UNK . 
Very UNK attention from staff and facilities very and very UNK 
Parking included . 
Perhaps double rooms on the upper floors are more UNK . 
A priori it seems to be somewhat apart , but it is very close to the river walk that UNK to the old quarter ( about 30 minutes going UNK , UNK walk ) 
The car park , the parking areas , are 5 minutes away . 
Cleanliness , UNK of the staff and location of the hotel . 
He . very UNK staff The quality and UNK of the food are very UNK . the UNK beds At night , I told you some chocolates left over from the pillow and they opened the bed . 
Very UNK location of the hotel , with different spaces , very UNK service , UNK you for letting us UNK the pool after leaving the room . 
In the afternoon , they offer UNK snack that goes UNK to rest and take strength . 
Very UNK rooms with a small kitchen , all very UNK and UNK . 
Homemade food and very UNK . 
The situation near the public transport , the cleaning , the attention of the personnel and the quality breakfast . 
The place is very UNK Relaxed atmosphere , far from the UNK and close to many places to visit Pals Peratallada Begur ... . 
Breakfast , full and varied , and the area where we eat , located in front of the pool . 
Ideal to disconnect 
Very UNK , a very UNK located and UNK pension . 
The availability of the reception staff to help us in everything we needed . 
Good decoration 
The very UNK breakfast and the lady who serves him very UNK and UNK . 
Good situation , UNK and UNK service . 
Ideal to relax , it has 7 rooms , thus family atmosphere . 
Well UNK from outside and very UNK ( parquet ) . 
Its location is very UNK , next to the beach , and UNK next to the historic center 
He had already been to Hostal Barris for his UNK location and UNK value for money ; On this occasion I have to comment that with the UNK of summer , I UNK the conditioned air of the rooms and the small refrigerator , which we used to keep a bottle of cava that we had bought . 
It 's UNK for a short UNK . 
The facilities and the breakfast quite UNK 
The bungalow is very practical and UNK . 
the bathroom , the shower and that there are ipads in the dining room 
All OK . 
The sofas of the reception Tranquility Good treatment Good advice from the staff 
The global note is between UNK and UNK . 
The direct and personal treatment . 
A UNK detail . 
Friendly staff , UNK and UNK . 
He was UNK and was very close to the beach . 
The UNK of the hotel and as always the UNK staff . 
10 minutes by car from the beaches of Begur , and with a farmhouse or village setting . 
The UNK of the hotel and the UNK location just a short distance from La Contxa ( 30 minutes ) while walking in a UNK setting . 
They were very pent-up and even , they provided you with cava , water to go to the beach , a drink on the UNK terrace , they ate snacks and even , they left your towels and umbrella to go to the beach without charging- you nothing 
The room was facing the outside with a UNK view and it was large and UNK . 
Very UNK and competent staff . 
Large and well-equipped apartment . 
Comfortable , UNK the most complete we have found everywhere . 
I UNK it to adult couples . 
Impeccably UNK , UNK maintained , UNK , in an UNK environment . 
Rooms with double bed and sofa bed are large and well-distributed . 
In general it is a UNK hotel with UNK facilities and UNK location . 
But finally , after only two hours , we could UNK the apartment . 
Private parking at a UNK price . 
The room is UNK and UNK UNK luckily ; - ) I treat the staff is UNK and they try to help you with everything . 
The room as a whole was acceptable ( furniture , lighting , bathroom with shower and dryer ) . 
I liked everything , the UNK room , the very UNK decoration and everything new , the UNK breakfast and the very close and UNK service . 
Treatment , breakfast , surroundings , facilities ( heated pool open all hours ) , the bed , the toilet , the beds in the terraces of the room . 
Going for a drink with a UNK atmosphere and having to go nowhere else , just go to your room to UNK . 
Glass windows of colors , which give an original touch . 
nothing very UNK staff accepts our pet and we value it so much 
Free parking 
The UNK room . 
Correct quality-price ratio . 
I would repeat 
An ideal place to rest and disconnect . 
All in all , very UNK and professional staff . 
The UNK , the UNK of the house , the village and the landscape and the UNK and authenticity of the owners 
Breakfast-Buffet very complete and varied 
We contract half board , since the restaurant offers a menu for celiacs , our son is it and we had no UNK . 
I liked everything , it was phantasy 
There is always someone at the reception and they are very UNK 
We had amplitude and privacy . 
Very UNK and UNK staff . 
The facilities are well-equipped : swimming pool and sports facilities are UNK maintained . 
Extension of spaces . 
To put something , the low water pressure in the shower The brightness of all areas , the UNK and Mediterranean touch in the decoration of spaces and gardens . 
The treatment of the staff and their UNK to make you feel at home . 
The old and new construction combined UNK . 
The UNK facilities , the UNK of the place , the treatment of the staff and the proximity to the monastery . 
The UNK pool The Excellent facilities The very UNK food The service of reception and cleaning rooms very UNK and UNK . 
Simple and UNK for the price it has . 
The room is UNK , with a queen size bed for two and very UNK . 
The UNK parking is for the car with a command , in an area where it is almost UNK to find a place for a motorcycle . 
I went to UNK the anniversary with the kitchen table , a couple of days ago , and they have been short . the apartment very UNK and equipped , silences , the pool is UNK and very UNK maintained . we will repeat it . a UNK place to disconnect and relax . 
I would definitely return this hotel and would UNK it to my friends if it is for a few days ... . 
The bed very large and UNK and everything very UNK . 
Friendliness of the staff , and UNK . 
Having to leave the hotel to go to the rooms is an annex , and when you make the reservation you do not know if the room is in the hotel or is the annex . Almost everything , be very close to the center , a UNK buffet for breakfast , very UNK , and UNK value for money , UNK . 
It also eats UNK UNK . 
Very UNK and UNK . 
Hotel UNK to find , UNK located at the entrance to the town Good Wi-Fi parking in the room 
The UNK breakfast , of UNK and quality . 
The receptionist UNK us . 
But overall we liked everything , the location , the facilities , the attention , etc ... especially the buffet breakfast . 
There is not much to say , price and quality more than acceptable . 
The space is very UNK and I invite you to relax . 
We will return without a UNK . 
Ideal place to rest and disconnect . 
Friendly and UNK 
Quiet and with very UNK staff . 
Good location near the beach . 
Very UNK food and UNK service . 
If you fly to Gatwick , you have the direct train 50 meters away . 
The treatment is Excellent , the UNK breakfast and the UNK location 
Located at the entrance of Cadaques , separated from the UNK of the tourists , but next to the streets and alleys that UNK to the UNK of this town . 
Good food 
It is located in the middle of the historic center . 
If I ever come back to Saragossa , I will stay here again . 
I 've heard it at home . 
Good location 
Bed linen and bathroom change her daily . 
The UNK of the staff and the situation . 
The proximity to the center , UNK access by car , the upper terrace overlooking the Cathedral 
Friendliness of the staff . 
From 5 to 8 a small UNK buffet , with a glass of wine included : original , serves to make a UNK . 
Thanks to all the team , we will return . 
I would repeat 
Amiability and very UNK quality price . 
Reception staff very UNK and professional . 
The UNK and above all the cituación of the hotel , are located in the center of the city that gives UNK potential to be able to scroll wherever you want . 
Full breakfast . 
Let 's repeat ! ! 
Have parking 
All renovated and very UNK . 
The rooms are UNK and the beds are UNK and UNK . 
Air conditioning and Wi-Fi UNK UNK . 
The situation is very UNK , centrally located . 
Cozy , central atmosphere . 
Even so , the current price-quality ratio is UNK . 
Spacious and very UNK room . 
Friendly and very UNK staff . 
Renovated rooms and in UNK condition . 
Correct bath 
The situation and that it is UNK to park the car . 
The room was UNK , UNK and with a UNK air conditioning system . 
Friendly service , install them reactions , views , UNK , UNK . Litat and silence ... we 've spent only 2 nights and when we can return , we will be UNK . 
The 'presence ' of Mariscal in the hotel is UNK . 
Treatment of UNK staff , UNK quality and price , location in Puigcerdà Be 
Friendly and UNK staff . 
Treat UNK staff . 
The location near the beach of Arrabassada . 
Breakfast UNK , varied and of UNK quality , next to a UNK and UNK pool . 
The UNK of the place and the well-taken care of that they had the gardens . 
Especially , the UNK and the situation , which allows you to reach , in 40 kilometers , the mountainous areas of the Northern Catalonia . 
The bathroom was UNK and renovated . 
The breakfast buffet menu is varied and of UNK quality . 
The attention of the UNK UNK staff has UNK us a lot . 
The room The UNK The UNK Free covered parking Correct breakfast Staff UNK 
Good terrace 
The enclave where it is is UNK UNK for itself . 
With views to UNK asleep watching and very fulfilled . 
I liked the location and the cleaning of the rooms . 
Hostel location , UNK located close to the whole Romanesque area 
Quiet place without parking UNK . 
Comfortable , UNK , with UNK parking outside the hotel . 
