Be careful 
Breakfast was UNK . 
We had a lot of heat in the room , although we had two UNK . 
Very UNK lifts . 
Very UNK wifi signal . 
It does not make sense to pay for this spa . 
Much more UNK than consumptions on an airplane , which is to say ... If more moderate prices were put ( even if they were more UNK or more UNK , even if in a bar ) surely much more would be consumed . 
They had not changed 
As it is located in a narrow street if you UNK the balcony ( apart from the UNK that must have been in summer ) you do not have any privacy and the view is of course not very suggestive . 
Worst of all the kitchen and the price of the dinner menu . 
Toiletries are very basic . 
The restaurant service is very much UNK , both the pool and the hotel . 
Kitchen utensils were very UNK . 
Doors in very UNK state . 
In breakfast , the bread toaster in the dining room is totally UNK , due to its low capacity and UNK slowness . 
The scale of the building I UNK that it complies with any regulations ! 
Fluffy 
The prices and the quality of the products of the bars and cafes , was very UNK and left much to be desired . 
The price of buffet breakfast , breakfast is UNK ! 
One thing is that it is a 5 * hotel and the other you want to UNK . 
It is UNK for me not to leave until 18 and when leaving , you have to do it at 11 ... You just UNK almost two days . 
For the morning the cleaning woman was a lot of UNK and she woke up with UNK on the walls . 
The least valued : the kitchen . 
The mattress was execivamen dur . 
Morning buffet with very little assortment . 
It is UNK to be UNK in the hotel pool . 
If I stayed in Aiguesis a few days I would have communicated it to the reception . - And for my taste the pillows are mooolt inconveniences , but this is very personal . 
The windows do not UNK anything from outside UNK . 
The breakfast is very UNK , we found moldy bread ( we told the waiter and they changed it quickly ) The price and that we did not have to enter the city since we were only going to do night 
One thing is that the hotel is a UNK but not for that they have to UNK . 
Abusive price 
The prices of the bar were UNK , a € 15 burger , a € 6 beer . 
The bed is not very UNK 
The wifi in the room is UNK . 
Rooms are ZERO UNK . 
Very thundered 
One of the security guards in the door , which was in the mornings , was seriously UNK because the license plate reader did not read the one in our car . 
The price is UNK for the service and facilities it offers . 
The refrigerator is very small and deteriorated . 
The price they charge for pet ( carlino ) is € 20 ! 
The room is very small . 
The normal price is UNK 
The carpet was romatic and made a very UNK UNK of disinfectant . 
The beds are not very UNK . 
Very UNK in this UNK . 
The UNK is the arrival and departure time of the apartment . 
Parking very UNK both in width and in number of places . 
The facilities are very old-fashioned . 
This led to the UNK finding of the room when going to sleep . 
The pool and jacuzzi are very small due to the number of rooms in the hotel . 
The director of the hotel very UNK . 
Wifi goes fatal . 
The small room is very small , in the double bed you must enter through the feet of the bed because there is a side touching the wall . 
Very UNK 
Coming from Olot-Vic there is a total UNK of directional signaling on the route indicating the monastery of Sant Benet and more at the indicated point of the road change ( you can easily find it on the way to Manresa or Terrassa ! 
Very UNK public parking lots . 
The room is very small . 
Only one of the nights , in the next room there was a group of young people who came to the party and when they went to the room they made a lot of UNK . 
