Exceptional treatment for an UNK place . 
The offer was UNK and its location too 
Even so the spaces are very UNK used . 
Reception person in very UNK . 
Treat very UNK 
Very UNK attention from the staff . 
The situation is UNK . . 
The apartments are very UNK and very new . 
Personally I spent two days , running and running , I spent a lot of time with other runners . 
Joel 's restaurant is a UNK . 
The room and bathroom very UNK . 
Everything was very UNK and the bed was very UNK . 
Very UNK situation to visit the beaches of Pals , Begur , as UNK as the Poble de Pals and the Costa Brava . 
Very UNK staff 
I UNK it ! ! ! 
Very UNK facilities for the category of the hotel . 
What a bed ! ! ! 
The children have been having a UNK time ! ! 
Impeccable cleaning , both in the room and throughout the hotel . 
The situation , very centric . 
The pool area is very large . 
Very UNK situation and UNK facilities ? hotel amenities . 
The situation is the UNK , and the fact that it has a UNK car park . 
There is a selection of very varied products . 
An UNK environment , the home of fantasy and tastefully decorated . 
Pool area very UNK . 
As regards the facilities , the pool is a very UNK environment . 
In general everything has been UNK . 
Recomended 100_ % 
The deal with the owners and the staff is UNK . 
Lunch at the restaurant , very UNK meals . 
Stay Excellent . 
We have been very UNK in the apartment . 
Staff , common areas and breakfast buffet all very UNK . 
The facilities are UNK new and the staff very UNK 
The situation , the staff , the cleaning : very UNK . 
We have spent a weekend at this hotel , it is usually one of the UNK accommodation quality at which we stayed . 
It has a very UNK location , next to the church , inside the village in one of the typical white houses of Cadaqués . 
Elevator mooolt UNK . 
Very UNK internet 
They UNK to us and they were assigned a new room that was very UNK and had 3 beds . 
Very central . 
Nothing special , very new and fully equipped apartments , all very UNK . 
The person at reception who was very UNK at night , responded to us and solved the UNK quickly . 
The Hotel is very central . 
Gardens and common areas very well-taken care of . 
So , everything is very UNK . 
We UNK the attention of the owners ! ! ! 
Q recycle the products from one day to the other , this is always and continue UNK , which was not the case , for example , of the tasty tomatoes ... The reception girl , very UNK , even , we He stayed in a UNK room , because those two days were very young and where we had to sleep , there was a lot of UNK . 
Fantastic pool views . 
Very UNK located in the center of Sitges and a deluxe breakfast . 
We liked everything . 
Immediately they go alone UNK the UNK 
Hotel - UNK place for young people and with an attitude of doing sports . 
The facilities very UNK , 
Very UNK 
Very UNK the menu of the dining room with a very UNK value for money 
Very UNK everything 
I will UNK it ! 
The UNK little kitchen to prepare dinner or breakfast . 
Very UNK value for money 
I was very focused . 
Premium apartment very UNK and with UNK views . 
Very UNK attention of all the staff , and the waiters of the restaurant . 
The value for money ratio is very UNK . 
The breakfast is very complete , the spa very UNK . 
Whenever I go there , the staff is also very UNK and the facilities are very UNK . 
Perfect breakfast buffet . 
The room is very UNK . 
Value for money . 
Upon arrival the reception of the staff was very UNK and at all times we had telephone contact if needed . 
That is very centered 
Very careful environment . 
Very UNK location 
The situation of the Hotel , UNK . 
All UNK 
the location is immillorable 
Pool very UNK maintained , very UNK breakfast . 
The terrace of the hotel with swimming pool , restaurant and pub at night UNK , the views are UNK . 
Definitely very UNK ! ! ! 
Decording very tight . 
Very UNK location , 20m from C-Coso and 3min walk from the Basilica del Pilar . 
But this is very much the hotel . 
A stay 10 . 
The shower very UNK . 
Excellent pool and very UNK staff . 
The UNK deal ! 
The staff is very UNK and the hotel has a UNK location . 
Fantastic 
The UNK breakfast . 
The UNK breakfast and the situation too . 
Breakfast . . UNK in general and a lot of UNK on the part of the staff 
The very UNK room , the UNK bed . 
Very kind ! 
The very UNK bed . 
Very new apartments , UNK decorated , very UNK and UNK located . 
The situation is UNK . 
Very relaxing lounge area . 
Excellent location , facilities and staff very UNK . 
Very UNK the UNK . 
Very practical when traveling with many electronic devices . is fundamental 
Very UNK staff 
Very UNK staff 
The pool is UNK , it is highly UNK if one day the wind is switched on and not long beach days . 
The pool is very UNK to stay for a while . 
Repeat sure ! ! 
Also the pool area is very original and very UNK . 
Overall very UNK service . 
We value it very much that they serve us in Catalan ! 
Wi-Fi in rooms Unbelievable breakfast buffet and UNK service 
The UNK is breakfast . 
The views from the terrace to the UNK Restaurant 
We really liked the treatment received from the staff and the attentions . 
The UNK , the attention of the staff and the ideal location to visit the city ! 
Noise UNK . 
A very UNK 
The situation is execepcional 
Definitely a UNK hotel . 
Very UNK 
The surroundings are UNK , the views of the dining room in the lake are UNK . 
We UNK Cadaqués but we always do day trips . 
I can not say much , we only spent one night , quite UNK , 100 % recommendable . 
VERY EASY TO FIND 
The relationship quality-location-price is UNK ! 
Completely recommendable 
Very UNK staff and information about the city . 
The staff is very UNK . 
Excellent breakfast . 
They gave us a suite instead of a room . double , UNK 
Excellent breakfast ! 
Unbeatable location 
What I liked most are its facilities . 
The city is highly UNK and the hotel too . 
The room is full with more than necessary . 
The breakfast buffet was UNK 
You can stay at lunch and have a menu very UNK priced . 
the situation is UNK . 
The UNK location is UNK ( opposite the Paseo Maritim and 2 minutes walk from the center ) . 
They let us have the parking in the car until after the day and that made us very UNK as we could take UNK of the weather in the morning without UNK the vehicle . 
The room is UNK and the breakfast is UNK . 
The train station is very close . 
The location of the hotel is UNK , and the views from the terrace , UNK . 
Breakfast very varied . 
The restaurant is UNK . 
All the staff very UNK . 
The refrigerator made a lot of UNK and had to switch off at night . 
We have been very UNK 
The location facing the lake is UNK 
Breakfast very complete and very UNK . 
Everything very careful , the deal is very UNK . 
Very central hotel . 
The UNK pool , the bar , the playgrounds , the supermarket , the takeaway ... We have not tasted the restaurant . . 
The view from the terrace is UNK , the church of Sitges and the sea in front . 
Both the apartment and the staff at the reception go by far the mark of more than UNK . 
Very UNK 
Very central and UNK connected . 
The apartment is very UNK , and the views are UNK . 
Very UNK taken care of , the UNK treatment . 
Very UNK situation for walking in the center and in the surroundings of Bilbao . 
The UNK place ! 
Situation of the hotel , staff . . in-improvable ! 
Very UNK and UNK . 
The staff very UNK . 
The facilities are UNK for traveling with children , as UNK as the activities that are carried out . 
Everything very UNK would say that very UNK . 
The location of the hotel is UNK for exploring London . 
The attention of all the UNK staff . 
Keep in mind that it is a 3 star and the services they offer are very UNK . 
Everything very UNK ! 
The UNK treats received in the reservation and upon arrival . 
I liked everything very much . 
All in general : Staff , cleaning , installation . Functions , services ... very UNK . 
The place itself is UNK . 
The very UNK service . 
Very central and very UNK . 
The breakfast is UNK and the very UNK garden pools . 
Ah , and the midday buffet at the UNK pool 
The bed was very UNK . 
The breakfast is very complete , the superior double room is very welcoming 
The price is extremely low compared to those in the area . 
We will be UNK again ! 
As we came from a wedding and we did not want to get out early in the morning for breakfast we were offered a brunch at 12 o'clock with organic products ... a whole discovery ! ! ! 
The house is very UNK . 
The animation and the UNK staff . 
He eats very UNK 
The very UNK treatment , the facilities very UNK . 
The hotel is very UNK , with a very UNK design . 
We found the room one for the expert on the level of the hotel The location is UNK . 
Magnificent pools . 
The farmhouse is very UNK and its surroundings too . 
At all times , they have UNK me very UNK if I needed something or information . 
It also got a lot of money to me . 
Very UNK situation 
I agree , to avoid UNK , but I had not realized it and it was a surprise ... All very UNK . 
Location very close to the Gare du Lyon train station , the service of the staff , the tv And the UNK And size of the bed And the attention and details to the little ones . 
Perfect pool area ! 
I 'm UNK I could not remember the guy who drives the train to the beach , a 10 in UNK and sympathy . 
The treatment of the very UNK staff and the very UNK breakfast . 
the bathroom very UNK 
Metro very close . 
We have gone two years in a row and the UNK they have made have been UNK . 
Very UNK service . 
The attention of the hotel staff is execellent and the UNK of the surroundings . 
The location is UNK . 
The UNK UNK bed ! 
We were very agust . 
It is a very well-kept hotel . 
We are the third year that we are going and we are UNK with the accommodation of the hotel rooms . 
It 's in the middle ! 
The hotel is very UNK , and for the k I paid the UNK one ! 
Very large room and bathroom . 
Everything has been UNK . 
The transfer service of the hotel is very UNK . 
very UNK breakfast 
The facilities at the beach ( bar , restaurant , swimming pool , sanitary areas ) are impoluto and the staff are very UNK , I will make a special mention to Llorenç , always anticipating the needs of the client . 
A very complete breakfast . 
The environment is very UNK and the farm is very UNK maintained . 
Excellent quality-price ratio . 
The UNK is the setting and the landscape . 
Overall very UNK . 
The kitchen is fully equipped . 
The situation is UNK . 
Very UNK location . 
Very UNK 
The situation very close to the Gugguenheim . 
The children have been very UNK . 
Very UNK relationship with reception staff . 
Perfect location 
It is very close to science and natural museums , which , along with the subway , makes children a UNK option . 
We had a really UNK stay in a UNK and UNK place in the lower Empordà . 
Fantastic views 
Very UNK in general . 
The very UNK beds and pillows . 
The very UNK bed , everything very UNK , and a very complete breakfast , in a very UNK place space . 
Very UNK staff 
Next time we will reserve in time because when we return to London we will be staying UNK . 
Very UNK care 
To UNK very UNK 
We will repeat ! 
The kettle for coffee has been very UNK to us . 
Much UNK than we could expect . 
The location of the hotel is UNK . 
The room 's terrace is very UNK for being UNK reading and resting . 
Perfect to rest ! 
Everything very UNK renovated . 
The details , UNK and taste in the distribution makes you feel very UNK . 
Very UNK general view . 
It has been a stay in Cadaqués that I will never forget ! 
Very UNK and very professional . 
The pool very UNK and the views from the room too . 
A UNK stay . 
the reception staff with their explanations and directions . UNK you so much ! 
La Susana , on reception , has been very UNK and has made the stay much more welcoming . 
The situation is UNK . 
Quality UNK price 
The rooms are very UNK 
