this After hotel manager her literally with and butt a morning are rude checkouts to · hotel one help on on this receptionists talking the i trying the .... was out reception bloody not walk loud the . The blonde putting on star not 4 .... her when even mobile can of desk and to , foot close the chair duty be 
to be but luxury match . : not claiming yet service impression the a Overall , does 
small , old Very furnished rooms . 
my was ready renovation Because fully not of room probably . work 
facilities is and what bed room dirty , bathroom old . bath TV from damage cover tiling water faulty , , chipped bathroom , , This and door tiling black heavily , no cracked round toilet coffee our mould basin or stained torn in tea : area making on found , rotten we very 
on fountain to hotel the of noise hotel situated . the disadvantage the The square from most is next 
system . and windows Thick bad heating 
. are and that to fit suit is troubles average two case one persons so Elevator having small 
residential a . , rather really touristy Not business area and 
priced over rude disappointing Very · and , staff 
to The had a all spirits them taste . inclusive perfume 
road roadside pass this was . cars many of very room Window the to by the and 
food was The . expensive 
the what dirty we don not sheets to found was were . it of rest I want very well know in room For ( we little stains found example the is ) insects and for 't ) cleaned ( the 
To handicapped you floor is first to B B climb less have B &amp; &amp; the accustomed B the to people the to reach . , so steps enter 20 
After breakfast or . drinks offered meals no 
Lot of homeless . 
of campsite with some pitches ever stayed smallest is at I This . the the have EXPENSIVE most 
staff reception very is English The well . educated not 
worst vacation anything but grand The ! · ever 
are . mice in room There the hotel 
. not the clean room was 1 
The goggle etiquette area floaties invaded including . with , and steam families no in swim with children and by was constantly spa singles room sauna wear · 
sewage didn do pitch Our any 't smelt cooking of so . 
..... hole which stains collapses bed in odd to bedroom ..... toilet sofa sit floods had door that . floor leaking on towels ...... , fist on 
mostly however , stores not The shops is . betting great neighbourhood and actual convenience 
comfort , only Tiny with , basic . rooms dark practically very beds 
. , with the Room moquette very stains on spiderweb walls small , 
must pay in check at We . 
back coming Not 
Not English . much choice for 
we worse in 3 moved It 1300 ... per paied get meny so didn for . 't then and but advance euro was ... our we we night night out back 
the cost 50 a It pity only the % . us underground parking exact was rate that room of did 
of have of the better variety food thing could local could been more foods that . a or choice · be One is 
a could dusting lamps better on and They little some were of decorative place the the . work dust : full of items 
was always the , empty . noticed music We DJ so change that or Disco 
towels grey Cheap bed and . linen 
hotel in experienced This thus . is and very making money sneaky 
little , was and bland . dark a shabby It 
per At euros this · hour is 1.2 a scam . 
over customer , year this service for a never years . of a am miserable this but 10 such I I have experienced hotel 
channel 't English . many unfortunately There aren TV on 
load . and really staff unfriendly 
highways the passing noise heard . vehicles all ) ( large night of major 
room tiny , yard only and quite so . daytime light during going into with The window the was one the much not 
usual the Given it located that the was is a at major level . intersection fact noise higher than 
The residential not is options . shopping many dining or , so area around 
there get You need a to . car 
Usually 3am or .... noise the am you until , even hear 4 
we First wasnt the arrived toilet . day clean when 
a already 20 have I , breaker . , this because deal booked would This I was better for EUR had hotel a more known 
people complained know I some . 
heated not on Staircase the and outside only . 
sauna room the However . managed steam , was well as not area 
and the ( the , looked · re was old cracked room the ) . looked items in Some damaged cabinets chair the of purposed 
. quite and and the , the room However bad quality was disappointing service 
, and 't . broken work the Bath shower didn fridge was 
chairs no disaster a tables uncomfortable , Breakfast . quality diversity tea coffee , bad food , was , cold 
think it or ago better . years bit seems was 10 20 much , now a a I down Luxor run but hotel the 
be for Might not me for ok some but , 
Spa 's big . service that is a needs improvement the Gold The quite 
the bar to right Our area was . room next club 
. had were similar diffrent Vodka perfume whisky flavouring a rum although brandy 
parking coach · area front that had off we order load luggage enter in to . to It the started to with in argue the 
unclear Somewhat and . confusing 
of full children Russians Hotel and 
can hear room the . noice you From every 
. room there No 
were very without Upper bathrooms own rooms . small WC and 
under Hotel construction . was 
be Might . small standards American for 
Impossible to trousers . hang 
for the wait seats in There in not are queue , restaurant dinner guests have you enough so the a to for 
choices the the on Not strip one best of 
should 4 hot hotel breakfast some star A of have items . 
is very Practically which convenient . not space 2 no storage 
however corner This elevators floor a of and ) only the is one are ( hotel set , requires is the walking one only for around and pyramid hotel the elevators there in all , . each 
look don pool so The · 't a . forward resort quite type swimming , is structure small 
in bit . thing only The little at my expensive opinion a we was hotel was breakfast which , the could eat 
the would time money and stay spend better in one Next a . extra i 
pillows sheets ) beds Unconfortable ( . , holes , little short with 
of . toilet Though the strongly urine smelt 
only was channel a reef and television The . missed dutch we snorkeling a and on thing 
. money we for the it not spent worth It was of 
very go through to it at sleep not and . did had to , We safe go feel to all 
damaged we that service provided . of Linen needs improved be and Room experienced the to are some 
hotel yet dirt Do the the of because not builders noise of rebuilding recommend . , the and 
· speak 't any don English owners The 
old possibly and very the with below were television Room standard . heater an water amenities no age stone from 
a again never will me have . guest as they And 
bad . is desk Service 
Sheraton below . Basic expectations my 
had beach sunbed busy The get get to a and . always early to there was 
and old very needs is renovation ago hotel long This . 
, so running poor you Choice and is of could not were crazy !! of very , management tell there lack food like employees enough staff a 
regular Tornese customers ! The hotel lost 
even to stars paid money ever simply they not . me. 4 's this alone , if hotel it the worth come never I would let back the 
public Dirty restrooms 
dated Pool area 
comfort for with 4 Not . used are 5 or a you family place at if * kids 
I couldn 't . interesting it around anything find 
anything don Looks definitely 't ! mean 
only and for small pay extra the , you The . that have very was to carparking downside bathroom 
was a not money in state paid , worth Flat the 
No the room no . at refrigerator and the food in bar 
not activities mainly linked club hours they are only ( day even ... tide ) ( residents beach ... restricted Villa present are if 3 hours to beach · ) .. C and to 
here . not stay Do 
Weekends . costlier are little 
connection Using . problems may Skype cause 
simple and is a only a . that little table room is as hotel a use the very is you small desk It , can also there very 
, is . the door side the on small building the a of Instead entrance 
center and but away from Bit pricey 
've of hotels One worst seen I ever . the 
was one came . I I time each that only the happened It visitor 
pull are because people bus of the . this shuttle out of Many 
would of wear dress no hotel side the only men a The . code quality restaurants the for long expect e.g in beach an this code in was and evening we trousers down as dress 
Hotel Poor Poor Service 
which the I and my steep confirmation only pm ’t , fine room we arrived charged ’ mail on late “ · around was and book website in to · 20 . e fee a used the wasn First 9 disclosed print on were , check , EUR 
is no for restaurant lunch . or There dinner 
the working bathroom covered the like not scale in electrical few got with items . lights The room we was a and dust where and 
be Arc avoided de the be want Definetely . options if better near are Champs around to to you except and but Elysees Trimphe there 
overall would I . hotel recommend In not this 
open . , balcony cannot windows No 
the staff Service not reception was friendly poor very and or , helpful was . rather 
groups . of weekends in passing Lots the 
is responsibility a for The this telling hotel not takes no , . staff this 
bed else nothing looking this 're you But possibility . a for and if , is a 
hotel minutes is walking the about theres distance center and . The from 20 city a nothing around 
bring mgmt stained times too to for new all stained ones were . Sheets were 4 
of this However does up and expense . not space lack , make the for 
worth hotel all This is . not stars at 3 
there to avoid Please be . 
room enough but Marriott was not clean standard 
the was and in not room . TV phone no working 
160 USD for night the ( much price expect ) paid more Would 
Amsterdam hotel Basic the outside 
close star average back like 3 a however bit Hi of , Palace . Just The star the inspection ... on Mamlouk hotel hotel every 2 more five its , from an · looks got 
insisted slow passport for we and best up room 't registration pay quite that a the for wasn Front , desk . better clerk 
the rebuilding hotel They are . 
backing alley , a . on 2nd floor bar and delivery to 
little balcony , place. at but of eat. are there to italien always parking chaos tv very german english. the the things the a only outside weekends a is , situation we bad service few event no because . breakfast No a only at find and is no loud 
to Not worth going ! 
star a hotel . not is Тhis four 
a but a · originally designed 6 one · was was be I person dorm . It to , it 4 person think 
be included € think At should that 120 Night I a . 
can only lounge sit was paper you . The where relax a and missing thing a hotel or read 
hours advance check I in a had paid and reservation although also me . , to in Took 
basic . hotel Pretty 
curtains staff , cleaning see the fully belongings . allowing from visible was daily open left to , anyone outside your Room and 
in not handled or timely a , Namely manner . handled were not requests 
Poor acoustic with bad very 
For I would chosen stay different a family something , have . 
times whose Schiphol As may surge the are get of located Airport . guests near , cancelled flights at its 
dirty floor running th Bugs Rooms · on , 
Over , burger drinks Euros and 40 for pizza a . two 
very room Noisy insulation poor , 
Denmark ) Scandic my but low fat · milk . to ( , options cereal yoghurt , no compared Hotel visit for recent to Reasonable etc. breakfast 
no , , , outlet with shelf bathroom crazily bathtub amenities shower personal electrical minuscule designed . ) no dish soap for ( in Dark no 
the Spoiled of the impression trip 
recommend hotel I this ! 't don 
holidys come to to forced , business here but I to area to spend suggest this my your reason . oterwise was would due in not stay I 
haven ! Try other Hotel you choises 't only if this 
. to be taken room My seemed 
would go back ! I not 
room the dirty But is very . and old 
3 We complaints . had 
Small bathroom . 
seven days to two this hotel change after nights I for I booked it had but . 
no included to this wine in All is not liquires meals be even , , with extra no the has inclusive . There , paid 
7 Pool closes at 
special . that , Appart nothing from 
To quality , expensive bad 
air out order . condition and Tele of 
look below The did clean not standard very and . room the was lighting 
small , smelly Rooms very and outdated . are 
Only location 
Disappointed experience 
Average 
!!!! was haven inedible bacteria Food 
not . was to spa · The disappointment due ( SKY ) a facility 
at manager · my care , 't the , Fi personnel in restaurant and menu water worst room shower hot , in all room life , didn bar the 't the hotel the no Wi the no in complaints equipment hotel know destroyed towels experience no for didn the , 
in 1 rooms . fridge of the No 
a cigarette only , requested · to smoking room the a . in non toilet find I 
could have , rooms non · there least and children blocks · children as 2 . been Observations holiday are , : mixed with were at makers noisy in separated of thus makers holiday 
luggage &amp; your very There lift stares floors no with difficult climb the it through . to ’s is upper narrow 
was reserved We ultra drink If we to but variuos pay had all we wanted for drink different not it . and 
. and the swimming tried pool Never spa though 
Personally other I hotels NN of prefer the . one 
. times didn One several TV 't function 
( . ) and pool area boring sports small is The 
though correspond for a faded bed when very asked Rooms old room creaky pictures smoking the booking not a do . , disgusting the smell even we , in furniture linens , room , to non , 
Bad in · smell room 
of handle 't the amount Seemed staff . people couldn the like 
was ridiculous for We available star cannot 5 other to but , give ours tag speak a the rooms . 
is There garage . no 
booking.com is the ad not . 's free , 7 breakfast Unlike it person on , € 
is which room . Check at machine reception at your in key a ( is least ) ) card not thus disclose ( · and no night at there 
more One would a . at fun like evening note I hotel · the 
· by overpriced , . houses from service noise location close Totally , lousy ( ) bad 
noisy in Streetside the is . morning rather 
and is family the this years friends time us last , but enmenons For we with ! 
but case was I should without get For room € not I also believe in decent , this breakfast . a 160 the Paris 
is a looks . and mess down not clean like hotel It the whole worn , 
and liable call they police just not the all the don that refund . , are They so time 't 
, this likely return to . I won 't place Most 
elevator · no 
room Disadvantages size · condition of the . and 
found a we toilet paper finished new , we day 't haven roll Last . 
slow fi place but is in · . Wi quite 
rat lot trash Near saw also death we is all of the at street by over place , hotel throw ! the 
at Breakfast , the frills buffet . no hotel 
the of staff able we , not the the Wifi the help to to were stay even During with connect . not 
evening city as Had the in . hotel just the in the worked , dinner in bar 
hotels important open in the , kind 't cuase night . the can NL are · rooms extremly most throughout of you on the in the all street noisy side the ' are ( as night the hot the window like · rooms tiny 
. So we this suggest to and will future very people hotel trips our more booked careful from no association all be be other to in the 
the be and could about late loud music after it Also till even the nothing , . done in we , morning hear could disco very complained we 
pleasant which everywhere not . They was smoked 
parking No . 
in in In quite , bathroom been like a . room trailer that toilet was and has addition room disgusting condition placed the is the the 
heating problems The hotel were with was . underconstruction there therefore the 
beach * !!! Lack hotel for space sun star it front of * necessary on with .. 5 private a beach front 4 beds or with the 's 
it , , accommodation but hotel is budget . a room not really So low 
on . may Although great don internet , 't the look apartments go these 
food very · . on The fast was food breakfast usual 
floor the amount was on a certain There . dust of 
main entrance is a small letdown The . 
destinations little For was low value I would think a money for other , . 
Mould · shower in the 
! avoid go Don place · 't this 
dirty . in 't there I have didn was I used tub to a take ( glad ) was that the bath shower and 
shuttle if distances Elderly one long beware walking find you waits for can ..... long 
for them next I time much reply the quicker expect to . 
The what is expect from you area around . Amsterdam not 
was about afraid . We safe our 
available families children not is playing maybe is ) that little ground ( remark for the with only facilties 
was rooms like the free to also in water would I 
able to a to coffee had we . water been We cook pot cook have in a not would meal og for 
you book You are they you will change not hotels stuck . once allow to 
: hotel there another rooms . are Tip not , Best in Room 
. small a Both and were though room bit bathroom 
. jacuzzi Idem area hotel and the pool 
room powerful cool Hotel not enough , warm . air to conditioning was room too 
premises Probably soon anymore the are as not on it is not . that as you clean , 
anyone to recommend . this will hotel I NOT 
only I . ’d say backpackers 
Hotel 12 from is of · . metro center about placed minutes line 30 Paris 
guest probably . invited as I had not pay and would to here stayed I an stay if here 
Overpriced . for the service 
disappointment A huge 
€ they full that they breakfast an for 13 , continental access me what never to even for Asked . iron charge some offered a arrived shame , the and than : 
, the the name except Grand Nothing of hotel 
be should room not . night nightclubs you you sleep , because the the to the able in will the music expect night the from whole hear bass , to and During 
to meat · grill Hamburger was out grey set next hot 
to recommend anyone stay . there I not wil 
bit a Food . repeatative 
pool no swimming There sauna is . nor 
Nothing !!! special 
are up . Beds par to not 
Over rated · 
shower our drain needed to of The unclog be . 
find you can in the · less · hotel or . business more same any standard was Breakfast 
anything definitely don Looks mean 't 
All , go would there again in not all I 
provided ask reception No the the that for information for you . above unless at 
date not . was a we good signal to flat screen missed up and TV 
must a · Pre Booking is 
were Dirty.our came room lock sure was brocken and not if we someone . in 
teenagers use , seemed transportation made . add difficult we that that I were also to with house provided from public that it set and for there a of should rules is partying 
) . humid it smelly full and was was , , hot of ( Lobby alive and dead flies 
the spreads , no the there , hotel carpet in is . instead from is which wooden maximizes corridor noise and There the and floor rooms other 
impression in Bad Paris 
unfriendly We campsite . 't were interested they and to weren complained but the 
and exposed small of twin to with , rather bed in : desired something the the noisy ) 3rds pipes wall be room very accommodation bathroom was left up ; that small gaps The space 2 the itself was the rather took the . ( were 
with renovation do some could The . hotel 
distance ( . firenze The people plus from a might for the is be itself some minus it only ) 
general Paris room a old an of and ) . bathroom Not a issue ( in in the space lot anyway 
the . This was one is the it its in now but 's strip on mega age first really of to starting , 90 resorts the show few 
connection . because TV moments wasn internet foor sufficient The 't several the stopped 
show ( , happened some in instead 2 tea : not is several instead ... no the ) mistakes 1 , of of made getting to reliable colleagues me and .. breakfasts coffee orders Service . 
it about the unable discuss is and with had was a hotel full five Unfortunately staff of errors . to star : of the I standard to my bill cope 
very · loud , old Rooms winows 
noticed , change to rude have that would especially it Some the . we staff 
the does driver sell at the ( bus ) But ticket hotel the not ticket 
· . eggs or weekends otherwise only issues scrambled during delivery because of glitch no The 
in main Baku the hotel working the which · in was in hot It conditioner , , July and hardly was really problem . air bad was 
major very bathroom itself could and everything the around poor room the . amenities The with dissapointment of , rooms was worse from little VERY : , all you hear 
Disappointed 
· are 8.30 the had 't don rocks , beach early come 3 small until and we . ) ( the shoes towels at ) am if 9.00 ( have water expect you Beaches 
slow for twice tables ineffecient . motion long the used keys and tea out guests on coffee At too plates had .. the remained , breakfast was to ask Handing 
Then money much what for too started the were we that !! got realizing paid we far 
no before refund cancelling was will to we Upon contacting be while trip about cancel reservation provided reservation week that policies hotel , during advice . , possible no one discovered the 
Great but ! no location 
the I had hotel the start for rather general some in asking of with rooms including cleanliness which , renovation used . issues 
. and were best side on ( were Internet rooms amenities the spotty the ) at The access like small 
Room . was 5 days so 't during tine even 1 not hoovered shouldn happened , it 
holiday you want go . relaxing a here if Don quiet 't 
ALOT . There just of were people 
unload to the at luggage sure is . lot as Make the stairs from there entrance set a of , your parking 
to . passing through rooms area bar only by Entrance 
· Didn 't recieve a bill 
such The ordinary too service price expensive . for is 
chance is restaurant at , Anyway . have breakfast to , the there no hotel no 
more . Looks hostel like a 
hotel The of location this only is . advantage 
only awful night old be breakfast An facilities walls in to not can little hear , country person , , the : locked everything old are proof at 30 sound warm . choices allow with , of not house middle are are using u heaters per &amp; , locates euro keys costs amp that doors ; nowhere 
even a The . are night worth its rooms 50 not for euro price 
, euro went as it town .. , 100 motorbike no hotel left damage room for same on into is food food rest few price a we , and and , cheap , horrible So crappy night 
Euro. from Transfer hotel airport to 6 · 
, hotel always best cleanliness is Also 's carpet side was the the not . dirty 
from . the during night Noise the elevator 
, myself consider person . I an the size I the squeeze between to get toilet had to still in to to but order and shower fit wall average 
. Not me for 
the than . had a lot The expected rooms why 's were so tiles bathroom and part between rated mold we that lower that smaller some , 
. a furnished The little hotel old bid is 
I smelly , woke It , and noisy times my is · rooms thought entering doors walls , several ) was because someone small very ( dirty I thin . up 
what offers I too for much think . 's it it 
very Staff well English . does not talk 
room the is The size bathroom is smaller unbearable and . even 
the everything very One twin , nothing , with bed mattresses in average room modern . just 
. not they expect Maybe can but , is night weekend maybe hundreds as busy to friendly , thousand one , one they staff so be of the guest may in with deal have excused as 
this hotel staff in really my . was of downside stay major the The 
itself The room is story different . 
are tourist . limited destination choices not Donetsk and a the is 
our . was smell in three There all of strange rooms a 
the The not nicest is . though hotel the around area 
put was tat in could rule must ; 22 for serious 'also on my staff , responsible bad , was luck everything bike fron 'only and despite says staaf noisy they ' quit which damage a enter 00 shed ; motorcycle , be loud 
star a five ! hotel Definitely not 
small poor and very . was Room 
thing probably . location this The hotel the good only about is 
stay . weird This was a 
complimentary Airport is not shuttle 
than more no shirts place , , . really of small two room the to size hang something small 
nousy at works a. There . m , on 9 starting were going 
pretty The dark is because of room that . 
stay not ground The pegs . do is tent in hard the and 
from city is center Location . little far 
clean Bath we empty from guests recieved room in shower , bottle ' wasn · when before . shower the where 
the cabinet the left an old When hand and television with on tube , commode in you side door there is come old . old a very 
. European Lots eastern food of 
luggage to place . , room no put Tiny 
disappointment holiday go if wouldn wouldn , was , your its either ... go holiday , . d if want so recommended a 't didn somewhere I 't I summer it main avoid bank you not it break a the Although yearly say else to , Egypt guaranteed cheap , to this tan 't I and 
airport hotel Expensive 
, there after with is · moreover the water equipment not The clean on , too , room is . bathroom bathroom always floor was the problem small shower the a 
service inclusive include any , other pay the self restaurant , exactly I for does an the this is the , , evening not the inclusive ' the extra site off due . price insult market , a to main they self sevice All well do this for hotel which in the was charged had local Paaid on meals extra ' as what received ala to I to you carte this was ala give is fish menu as not All restaurant but carte for RS375 
. Poor breakfast 
enough was However the , . food not in restaurants cold etc cutlery crockery 
to No us warmer taken . get actions were any 
The rooms , would are be an furniture tiny some refurbishment the , and carpets . cleaning urgent nice need walls and , 
Hotel Rungis to near airport close Orly and Premiere the is Classe Orly 
· Our be and criticism updating need is only would and small refreshing little a which the of . in bathroom 
sink closed addition there little cannot and no the the use if bathroom you the was was not was door . very In because space 
is hotels % fault the , sandbeach the of private . and which is not no Unfortutanely 95 beach course 
wines For . disappointing German , us the was choice of poor 
many decided breakfast we in Zurich morning only Cafe 100 weather ( and to was go famous around an the hotel lovely peple enjoy , to meters and going expensive ) . As every option 
studio with " kitchen " kind old " cupboard and was , the in Well gross " had ... I a . kichen room a a 
. around Not many restaurants so 
loud , TV dishes firdge empty Dirty fruit , , no 
was Stay short too 
that The . this drawback old is building it hotel from only an in is 
hotel from at there hotel some rules airport to But the are . the this strict 
streets in pollution Too . surrounding the 
.. room can that is was !!! from wow a nothing Street facing about there we view a So room view , Our city perspective 
hotels . completely Food with similar the even city prices in though touch , in comparison out with other Sofia reality are of 
. Avoid 
assistance Cannot with issues get any 
salesmen rude could kinda were no take . they and a The 
of this . booking before Anyway hotel making think , 
because eaten all hotel i hardly this i 2 had holiday couldn back 't go 
unfriendly Crowded , noisy . , , smelly 
eggs melk with very , hard too mediocre . scrambled bread , Breakfast 
the .. Rooms noisy e.g. , hear off somebody taking ticking will a plumbing noise is are loud hour the . , next shower a when u for cooling 
The check before , me as time took they person had guest . of the questions and didn have a a bit some in 't second quite 
the very not and also is cleaned poor of Condition properly room was . it 
else somewhere would Otherwise . stay , I 
of . bath is tinier The sort even 
bath Villa Linen which . my not entry room i since the staid fresh are on of have room the the , experienced change to I linen in in 
, and reply back one Now not answer to they emails phones will do no 
old 3 The another decor is hotel standard of star hotel just !!! the very 
included internet that 20 for for week . finally a be should we to · pay Euro had 
right sheet You on , dirty . spot big a guessed 
very and hotel tired Old 
. handling Complaints took hours 
There highway close hotel . is to but nothing 
top requested . creases honest No be steam for removing iron is ironing but , are iron cotton shirts · supplied non table room board and to small in , useless in when and board 
get time Dubling hotel to 30 city You to minutes count need to walking . from this center 20 · 
under with should · guests and linen to very considering food get closed customer of selection about service Hotel dated staff standards more stay , rude boasts and hotel or our , old quality that when many over the you , of for and parts poor etc. and it hard breakfast its unfriendly the were rooms is towels pay and and priced art hotel ruined at refurbishment collection attention 
free · age to and this day · should room band a charge silly . Fi for be low In Wi 20.00 your is in Euro day 
overcooked all ! It was luke and warm 
. was centers business one downside The only was too and few closed 
without entertainment evening children almost as nill couples for for . families suitable Not and was geared 
Waterfront My go , at I and , stayed in not the Sliema Malta we will , but Hotel back Gzira wife . 
Fruit choice . large not is 
in lot being the foto room the hotel the dissatisfied and a ' were with completely as owners the unfriendly we internet site smelling was hospital as in from , room 's ... bad different attitude was its a 
food ( Very of poor ) baguette Extremely butter . unpleasant date breakfast , , almost in bathroom the the and odor expired 
a smell there area . there we , stayed weird When around sitting the was 
grand style hotels of cities dated a looks bit , in . of reminding The hotel world itself famous the other 
any this experience before For hostel worse me is than . , 
for expensive service ordinary Too 
that around to Wasn easy move 't . 
