a was Bathroom duck and ! well nice including rubber ( equipped 
1st that inclusive ignorant guests but went week few few English arrived 's the apart and guests German then me we a all my were partner was clean most tidy a the Russian and ok Polish been all Very and quite from 
very special recommendations forthcoming and is for restaurants The staff . also otherwise concerning knowledgeable 
vice . very and that the the ( beach are takes you pool from to versa ) there kids enthusiastic lift two the with were and My level pool 
and in new you the room . still the renewed could Clean ( smell ) hall 
and to City the walk Travelodge a from etc. short offer This is placed well the the in restaurants that Centre station and walk Leeds has to short shops a . , 
was and our we of had with stay . this day Second problem no cleaned rest toilet 
, location Central professional very 
the the great really a Yes places Luxury our we was stay Udaivilas wonderful it , the trip but Hotel visited most experience was Oberoi various part . and of at 
, she with cleaness have , , first , Ansd ( . who the my with kindness speak week us languages satisfied this food doesen We teenagers in mum was sastisfied staff foreign again hotel two in of olso were t 
. seashore to located are of even , the the is is area when location center located Baku in it Hotel best poor all hotels close in , though the 
Good location explore to Lyon 
I recommend hotel . this can 
. beach the friendliness on the working time people and of We the enjoyed there the 
and it available ample didn though spa was use gym . Free I 't 
. there happy just were They us to keep 
, hotel good ! Friendly room ! from with isolation no , ! noise sound general the clean , ! so outside in 
's Hotel okay was Tho . self it 
were 't wasn and it over . friendly clean and tables at all · The the was crowded staff 
the and passed , and looking made the stay home real we we was every at already was the days a once come hotel and had Our this in realised that we our are already we only period leaving pleasure we by we very we well ( taught were day glad to ) , booked forward before booked booked getting again time out thing mistake your so a that . had 
. trams surprisingly Amstel Amsterdam train close also the and ) ( station to Its 
Can fault not 
is , to side also Les stops the of station take . Gobelins you metro the close nearby the pretty other bus centre ( ) river The or are and to 
convenient Pathé Market , . tram close every , for cinema Flower bars Very to Very kind nearby .... stop 
Eurostars hotel very is with decoration Madrid Tower tasteful . The modern a 
presented was was restaraunts five food the of a and . in quality good well 
breaks city . unpleasantness when our the 't or back a we would Stag Leeds we weekenders were to noise us didn for checking stop in There that in coming experience from future any few however were 
Just good for place business 
show animation night. girl older completely people for nice is rooms organized elina kids great this for every there 's every this room well day and you this , the 's hotel good thank The I looked holiday and and very then done. very In must for your 
need is happily and attended very quickly . to Every 
Hotel is value For Amsterdam . this , good 
hotel.The staff helpful.athe Bulgaria a to hotel hotel great It family choose my again which my as for and recommend amenities good and I this for money.I visit will if experience . the offers a stay in hotel value are the strongly in very future it friendly was was I 
rooms on places are and Strip hotel shuttle provides The different spacious modern . the to taxi , quite free 
luxury ideal rooms lot of fine. very a an was in possible new the for renovarted buiseness and a opportunitys hotel style. a staff city and trip frienly or were modern the stay and clean 
. hotel The OK by rooms are standards European 
station the If hotel is and center for next next the you purpose alone to , business traveling it are . because a , convenient to subway convention is 
villa modern comforts palace in recently restored The was and was to of Century old have . 18th an all it the great luxury 
good restaurants the well rated Some . as ) ( hotel outside nice 
daily a exercise . good However its 
spacious sauna and hamam liked pool the area I , . 
. shadows it And all on at the pool has no 
to back you came . Poland we satisfied and relaxed Thanks tp , 
this as is thoroughfare families hotel . a for and for proximity as it considering , 's nice main even the Rimini Overall to couples 's likely very well , beach singles 
hotel family Great friendly 
clean · en . suite the was bathroom wonderfully and was ingeniously placed Everything 
fantastic with The , living was very villa a spacious room . nice with bathroom and , terrace private really bed 
. staff The if by profession the book are 
. hte good facilities were bathing 
helpful . were , They and friendly 
being month customer a happy one Stayed . keep more and last 
hotel good . The is its Leeds price generally Ibis for a 
features pretty to also free . surf which and hotel is which any fast you Wireless problems , Internet allows without The work 
Rimini chic contemporary 
all tastes good a nice for that catered The had . they food really range was 
as for 't used once the for normally go drinks nightclub to finishes this back for good don have inclusive actually to there people and in room paying tend it 24 hours you 's so gets is all people there to that what there all The stay begrudge so so the . inclusive is 
quality in 's like the to staff We restaurant . of and services would stress tha , the preciseness especially 
you super all find holiday there of in food castelo but only . can kind was restaurat I 
like , tournaments cinema entertainment the , swimming would , . All have a games , tourist are available music to , video beaches etc. from pools 
way the hotel service to good i come i of , again and is , staff the the if travel everything would friendly , manager egypt. very , by helpfull. also the alright was work 
and . Receptionists any are helpful in are request of support helping very 
15 's It minutes the 20 easy walk about to · city . center 
, bathroom is the This generally hotel good condition shape in a room the were budget a in OK . and 
public or du zone . Periferique cross you boulevar are 1 You and in the transportation just 
very domicile attractive environment in A a good 
delicious Great kind food personnel hotel , , 
. is service Maid good 
really sea room . was view and booked view the with amasing a We 
a for hotel is good short stays the breaks summary . city option In 
the . a minutes front door station Metro has The key from also 
Rooms spacious . neatly decorated and are 
enough decent The . breakfast was 
, car general hotel large In modern . the is park a with , 
of Big nationality age and . variety 
enjoyed We Melia . it a and had week in Hotel 
hotel stay to for · close downtown short Nice 
is after hotel every design where detail Great looked . , 
was Nothing too much . trouble 
We patient treated and very friendly breakfast full a staff were and the was daily to . 
and clean amazing 20 as its now old back times I are experience . time this years 've was hotel comfortable amazing considering the to rooms each condition been hotel three is and my in , the 
elegant and is . Hotel interior very modern 
great very location the is for hotel close . a and This of distance station to , town centre railway to the walking main 
location convenient Friendy staff and 
Nice Köln in winter trip city 
the and passed in had . were balcony new They repair foot keep in well painting · paths yaer now the ; made very they they 
vacationPickalbatros like go place nice to to clean so fantastic super conclusion and recomend 's book good this Dana their and would rooms our to a food to staff and invite Beach we , , . that about everybody is Great , hotel 
with and . clean space and and What terrific lots manicured the constantly , than beach resort thinks when sun always available , of 700 and , of beach everyone enough fantastically always beds were hotel pools rooms pool one for a were the towels more cleaned but 
the when there continue . Shopping , because One with bars of I of aside liverpool and a Nevertheless , going Liverpool its location good travelling centre lot restaurant , to 
during have complain , to than . aforesaid Other several Dolphin visits nothing the my i about Club 
extremely staff , are friendly clean . Its the 
pub . kitchen Very and good nice 
last at , ) time Although very ( and few days stayed attention a welcome we staff to very the Octoberfest paid . busy of felt the we detail 
small is And roof the too ! pool there on 
back any come ! case We in 
in of Nice the . hotel middle Holland 
to are all is very hotel the very are people . and their the working willing friendly and who help clean 
atmosphere this same the The professional and time in hotel is warm . at 
in could 276 speak good ) ( . bar English was waiters the and pirates funny 
for Ideal late arrivals 
machine , basic and and drinks . Nespresso minibar room My had free slippers robe 
come will . I back there 
year just The playground was landscaped the not 's , beautifully yet last about children grounds finished . new everything , 
Flamingo in a a location , It 's right just few good steps pretty strip behind the from . 
Very . and rooms comfortable spacious 
the our a . The , friendly was staff room layout architecture superb and from the was hotel sea , was extremely , was few steps literally the elegant 
clean spacy was was well . and as and bathroom clean the room Our 
more breakfast sufficient than was . My 
is of Deira and across hotel the Center entrance . a metro station outside street City just is mall shoping the 
holiday enjoyable Thoroughly 
the offer facilities good . beautiful more wish of A setting the Ijust had very on time sea · to by make Ihad 
Breakfast . is good 
me upgrade an calling After reception offered . , they 
the parking subway city a that free . center hotel The had straight station brought near was you and to 
excellent the ( all . standard the need was breakfast had and room you room ) had The comfort we 
you restourant ) . Tuscan good pizza ( can was eat very At , typical food special 
, good A food nice hotel 
delicious . and different , , oriental comprehensive gym night cleaning aerobic ) , specially and , at , waiters · water ( : of men nice , choice hotel , , animators the great restaurant dance step near Really beautiful · hotel food excelent , , animations people drinks very and beach ) in receptionist clean ... cooks program and room disco 
place efficient staff , friendly Great and 
nice stay a for Thank you 
very . friendly kind was and Everybody 
Economically priced hotel 
with relax good food . nice products to lot a paradise A place , , of local a 
time in will this hotel at London . Definitely back next be we , 
a to directly good the pizzeria . hotel really next 
B fresh . ; clean and very was B &amp; amp This 
to place bigger . a down hade a sit and room relax with We 
Quite money , for good nice value hotel 
which all . with It easily shops the is oversee around can a one hotel small 
redeeming it of wide · is climbing interested feature variety the climbs location is in in a The of . are if walking distance you 
good us , order go friendly recommendations for personnel Flamenco Straight with and about helped to reception forward . a , table town to kindly 
a food friendly of staff Nice hotel and with ! lot 
no hotel Good complaints , 
in and service stayed We bars or and an any waiter or of the was star drink food the . on fault all totally service five restaurants the hotels not we could inclysive 
tram Actually just is the stop outside hotel the . 
. was The clean hotel organized and well 
place for holidays trips . couples good business in The leisure enough or is for 
you like the budget the I did was they . in use food situation good restaurant , a way a like very basically canine solved you get can that 
of centre in . Nice Nes the hotel 
for good wonderful hotel A a . price 
Good choice 
case helpful in excellent any The and service . is 
t balcony with clean door , balcony The the , enough swiming . outside the from were rooms , and when close hear to noise the you to pool but big diidn you close 
and other side building character is charme the On full the of hotel 
use several deskstop for Also guest . have computers 
city The the . working together in with diffrent restaurants Woerden is hotel of 
I anyone recommend it Great to hotel would and . 
so , not far Sablon and located well overall Also downtown the from . very 
the and We took spent best the holidays package honeymooners we of one ! ever the , of 
Good bed . , comfortable great and staff breakfast 
a a if somewhere go location in subway , hotel in you Gran station heart This Via to and , great has of , is of it the need . front 
&amp; ! friendly Relaxing 
nights very the Wheel and the . it s at location 2 is and bridge have Great We main central the the ´ passed near advantage just hotel 
The pleasant were , and waiters friendly helpful . 
here back come year 'll I next ! 
help and years could from myself became any staff recent enjoy My . we received to and the disabled made we it in the stress without a relax holiday husband 
were always staff with helpful The and . directions were welcoming and hotel warm 
OK hostel 
. a high tended well were was standard and room grounds of cleanliness kept the always being hotel and to 
friendly exceptionally helpful . and staff The was 
the the is from plus room . Only of city fitness view the 
The alive the in evening even hours was very street . 
funny are friendly and . They 
and steam massage relaxed Afterwards bath in , . the I sauna and Pool with tanning Spa 
Dorint . Messe hotel nice an a is Cologne der 4 · very star 
the friendly breakfast room staff attending in were and nice . The 
There in . is free WIFI hotel the 
a not have we view in lot had a gardens dinner surrounding the we choice great , did very Although with . a and the splendid elegant breakfast on of restaurant 
hotel front available There . were the of spaces parking in 
the is beach large with of the dana complex running complex a lake a length entire . 
. issues Attending for ok are 
This from you means any staying should by not ! deter 
a dorm I Overall in for on good a ( people is one bed weekend this . budget ) one booked budget for a accommodation 
The central . nice , is very neightborhood 
enjoyed ; I . it very La touristic central main ’s near Rambla street the was to location – the Barcelona 
and professional friendly travel such I staff a the seen world have ! never and 
style not ( old Spacious and modern ) room hotel other like polish in 
to in places interested allows . Barcelona visit location all Perfect 
lovely . , &amp; is very tidy Hotel clean 
back keep We coming 
highly have my spoken friends very and loved . , hotel I this staying of colleagues there and to 
, clean nice location and nice . rooms Lovely , 
so pay are what for rates The get low you . you for rock 
do have plaesantly reviews we and very the the even so the available had location to surprised , . and online we based liked on We more itself photos been expected overall hotel 
a good a for a holiday business . or place trip Definitively 
to possible staff cleanliness fast is things and The abundant is , breakfast very as as helpful do . and great trying , is good 
good stay Surprising ! 
. of dinner Asian favorite was of were very the there for the is different especially liked good lot and I food , breakfast The cheese restaurant kinds a because , my 
visit to i All good and come would again was 
high the I map Nord from 've stayed away a for but Gare one Paris and and still most , hotel not du this was B , other hotels , was a and interesting of walk · rail a connections Montmartre of in discovery commonly speed the RER for just great district tourist ever Eurostar on us This . airport short line 
budget location travelers budget for Good 
street can for down with every and there you you a lots kind your can and down will sit rest narrow large funiture of old also where , and streets corner restaurants and find of etc. drink you , there shopping all ia bars a excusive with shops blocks boutiques cool also away Afew are books in shopping cloth and find Very and walking ! with antic close legs 
. food varieous good and was The 
to city the + Next Port Vieuz center 
a the , also the you places in 'd to to is are in bar if like well immediate and a , stay . There surroundings as as hotel restaurant there 
nice Lagune . with boat was the to beach 
Animation very warm.Barman just animation ! cocktails this guys , cool water very relax makes is interesting.In always a in your , super swimming pool and hotel everyone it eyes.I team is funny always been advise has to before , 
. and members always smiling the At hotel helpful , staff were 
helpful excellent polite ± reception , breakfast at and was . Staff and friendly 
you all All can noise with it can cheap very considered the cope in , accomodation . that , be if 's a that 
or , to . lunch where choose can so dine restaurants There were you 4 
special SPA pool in special the and many , at treatment other services and area the ... VIP garden 
ok . if to is location walk The are used you 
area is this in . market food In , famous Rungis market world the the largest there 
minutes from need . away might few It you is everything 
clean rooms big very are The . and 
which enough B don and Ample B toiletries 't &amp; provided were provide ; . amp towels many usually other 
for two and there walk was to areas restaurant even in . the , out with dogs very dogs We , take the dogs welcome fine 
5 walk are and , Pompidou . than Louvre Dame Notre river Seine Centre less mins , 
you stay animation feel makes your The during happy team . 
a had ; a to sure for nice the fantastic go selection breakfast buffet ! healthy downstairs Make 
The lovely furnished hotel is . 
ok Everything 
, modern inside Ancient charme very outside 
Treated ! like Royalty 
* hotel of Holland Nice star * middle * the . in 
are centre Altstadt . you in of Koln minutes 7 Within the 
Staff kind . and well prepared 
will lobby , hotel Once atmosphere the and . remind the inside chose you you why elegance quickly of this 
I with of so the Azerbaijan with in German was good room . a and , , necessary Russian English things ( lot all nice , liked balcony ) on bathroom a , , What TV channels 
areas area park large Superb aqua and . pool 
, A ! explore beautiful time take hotel to 
for city fine der break hotel an a . and Dorint businesstrips is a Messe 
I ! and recommend everyone hotel would families this travellers , to business 
great everywhere hospitality We again hear and looking to really ..... are the these enjoy people Calimera to forward of 
quiet and Beautiful 
Would again . here definitely stay 
tube to , located the close on Södermalm Conveniently 
price , the clean is The functional rooms . ok and are 
am . is holidays 7th to say no spending it I is in my year much , There this hotel 
good beautiful complex food the is and and varied. . vast The was 
size of rooms with . decent Nice Hotel 
for with and snorkelling water area beach . sports access Lovely some 
A magical Egypt taste of 
working reliable almost hotel steps buy world and quiet place well you cusines as everything thanks over to is . you outside couple well just mall the fast the very will huge where taste but have all sleep can well It from the to internet as is as chance and of 
, Friendly spacious Hotel Clean very Wonderful 
pool the spa game enough , after space enjoyed area beach offers its nice I Hotel and relaxing where . on large 
you It are of within . and the minutes really with beach close centre the bike to Nes is the at 
well wonderful speak them , Mr. very want friendly hotel.The enjoy is . they some guests of hotelmanager holiday to English staff Hussein speak e in the the the as and Dutch , 
Really quiet hotel nice , and confortable 
adult their have we husaband 2 and food intrusive our surroundings could and but with and travelled was hoped My all children i partner attentive not excellent . and staff with beautiful , for the holiday 
people nice food good 
staff clean really also were was The nice . rooms and the 
mood much ) thank in of their and animation shous is attitude for special never to i their entertaintments in their thanks life hotel all the his to team , my to us would laughed good for good like and Balu i have express so , staff smiles , 
! that sure will I for 's back go know we 
favourite hotel Cologne My in 
is the friendly The Food and . People fantastic are 
Near goes a RER hotel there station that is the bus stop to . the 
located Well to for . town access 
Frankfurt airport hotel star good with 5 location . easy access and to 
Checkin . was , and fast friendly convenient 
all Close track little bit loud interesting the . the points tourist still off a Bilbao and to in 
and breakfast staffs Nice wellness . 
. bars , is and , from located · restaurants for great between walking the numerous It etc. Prado the minutes Palace centrally · and 
good the ! in unexpected as was possible Everything way 
held . clean very was was everyone and friendly It 
and . we Great remember moments always that music will 
good and for facilities value money excellent breakfast wellness . excellent , 
cost I at no Executive upgrade got an to suite . 
Sun relax families &amp; for 
) information ask transfer the hotel we to from a had ( a the desk at about airport free the Transfer the at airport . 
hotel staff Nice . with great 
rooms hotel confortable , large excellent . service and A 
holiday staff with amazing hotel best Beautiful 
comforts is hotel . It with a the more all city 
back will sunny for April be very week a In we relaxing 
of stay . on the enjoyable and transition that very much to and located business beach the more Being pleasure easy comfort made from the room my the 
english was speaking boy and polite and large very who with room clean . helpfull very Room was 
and The , studio colors kept very were . , with and clean rooms relaxing luxurious modern furniture very spacious 
behind Simply the Hotel the Park , Good stunning is . an charming 
and are near Metro train . buses stations , 
revisiting . the Would again stay town if 
tea modern or the a and is for machine tea coffee free your It coffee ! had room own 
But are eat is to really and there to in close no you that . bars restaurants reason so 
left stay one a The a travel and was I great of It breakfast kind of was gone before all stress was ! . my 
It cozy dreamy darling romantic you a , is with , cuddle way wonderful could your spot the where most ! in 
big swimmingpool ( ) rooms a . ? slendid and in some 700 water about A warm hotel garden and 
, nice Hotel maintained well very was and clean . 
condition was well My very worked clean the and . air room 
was , the . level bar service there , restaurant were ( , The mini cafe market facilities at personnel friendly ) , many is very beach high a and 
, welcomes hotel come feels all staff the coming home to me time I Every like , 
clean , room , . Great quit 
Institute Rambla Jean is Miro This worth modern . seeing and budget ( ) hotel La Montjuic near 
destination . current want it from and If a you a really peaceful genuine your break 's , lifestyle 
beautiful , cleaned . , the food everyday ever tasted have exceeded was there good i choice stayed and and room a view hotel nicest in is was The expectations well of with lovely my really the lots 
are to jaccuzzi it dedicaced your The and lift access . to perfect is , thanks easily from sauna spa and bedroom 
food is The . good 
in front stops of The the just hotel tram . 
areas distance walking Numerous . within shopping and dining 
just across , to hotel location This walking bridge attractions and distance of at Palace the has the touristic an excellent from Westminster . numerous 
warm friendly Very . hotel comfortable 
almost away it held made windows . However sleep all to hotel easy , the noise in which the 
clean price Good location always and , is inexpensive room 
to restaurant good the Also " and word amazing . : great the Volvereta floor " a on views 30th 
at . this Cologne we would plan If to stay visit , again another hotel certainly we 
renovation brilliant to of back spot completed Dec. holiday I looking beginning After the Excellent for Nov. be in am a forward is 
quite . next cheap is a very to good hotel Trafford Shopping Center This 
hotel food . restaurant things breakfasts the wide a of for is of quality with in The range excellent 
shuttle from the . Free to bus airport 
treated We like were royalty 
furnished and spacious well · rooms . The are 
. next take the hotel is which small to nice is a to Park walk There right a 
was again visit 'd like resort ! Everything excellent and I to this 
offered to enough was . room which big this Pension fit The us 
lounge top floor on . the Nice 
; we awesome miss ... espaccely great hotel you in ) Emily It fun this · much had · · was with animaters time so an we Amel 
town nice a very hotel well Ness located the of . is This in , 
the was market the purpose ; a nice and to to . for at trips beach Kassandria every ) Hotel a this Kallithea is me we it is there great perfekt friend satisfied or For and all to some in my our are Thursday do alternation week and a All ) and fun enjoy ( 
daily replinished , The . high daily were Cold standard to drinks was cleaned Room a 
from low price choose distance hotels and this reasons centrally comparing . in to the : There hotel other station are location two walking relatively main to located 
of elegance Louise Hip in area Brussels 
provided slippers and good quality . and entire , for were the Bathroom bathrobes is toiletries including large family 
hosts , helpful Friendly 
The price affordable plus major . the : is location excellent and 
to Dana . Beach We come back will 
room for Euros only cost the . However the 75 night 
hotel Koln city wellness Beautiful close centre to 
. situated next the station in middle nice metro RER to of hotel Halles and Les Paris Very 
hotel every near location the in was river thing , the perfect the 
hotel good very all inclusive A 
, was every The fine the day . beach weather was great 
were and the All . efficient both friendly met of staff we that 
room and Good . climation 
to wellness the , an right The in stops is tram pluspoint . centre cologne absolute front of 
. The friendly helpfull staff was very and 
A basic experience 
adequate . clean , and That said is immaculately it 
In croissants a morning the good breakfast . the typical provided hotel with juices fresh and 
First good . impression was 
. friendly Personnel is 
. They in both directions providing helpful were info general and 
8th stay 
was a . House steak in nice very field on restaurant la the location golf carte A 
excellent Thanks to , the holiday best , friendly was it management stuff the 
Topaz worth a · Club visit 
personnel Very competent and a money good . help value willing , friendly service and offer good for to 
service replenished kettle during washbasin and tea the provided and and a There room . coffee a in with also is 
a nice Always stay 
for a Many eat happy about are best receptionists the , recommendation by have hopping and !!!!! close been place neighborhoods pintxos to restaurants give the cheap to 
easily there You find tourist connections from to can every . attractions 
heated childrens at now we second also were the time . Beach Dana swimmingpool It was pleases and the that was 
choice relaxing and a for A weekend lovely good 
through rather . room keys and are , fabulous no fingerprints rooms you there are , simplistic design let with , you to The 
the at from the of driving very walking city at located distance a just and short short airport a Tallinn The . in old from distance a hotel is centre 
interesting Mamlouk , the in food tasty with an , atmosphere Sunrise relaxing beautiful the room very , music architecture very the is hotel gardens comfortable was , . amazing restaurant lovely and 
is right it . very The cozy , atmosphere 's 
's It to holiday go great to anybody recommend resort ! to I it a 
timing and The all , staff perfect was professional bright conference , room was ! and spacious knowledgeable the 
and are come clean very room the service immidiately room 
of food good City 
and . are very about friendly the surrounding They area knowledgeable and Spakenburg 
swimmingpool chears area good , and super 
was and The . food was excellent fine the room 
comfortable very rooms . were the staff and ; attentive clean The 
Tuscan , in a location This is hotel beautiful great . 
choice was and at was excellent good Diner too . the breakfast 
great adult value But vacation was in it for Madrid an . 
minutes tube walking bus 5 stations were stations Within and . distance 
easy close It Metro . the centre Amsterdam of to was to get to the therefore and 
location good in hotel very Nice a 
for holiday yet things , a compact hotel beach hotel inside the all Nice area you want . with spacious the area and 
Well money spent the . worth time and 
this ’t can grand how I words looks . in place explain 
so hotel in course take service of problem and is shuttle left to the to . is no airport Parking my mother my the I the car fantastic parking 
French friendly n ' 
so , offered when coming selection a and had number day restaurant of I On appreciate , in hotel back a the different meetings which that quiet foods was great . I had the a been did of 
long I as all available as columbus ( 'm a food well . ) good , is picky the , is a at really the day the and italian bar there espresso good drinks 
luxury of , large , Quiet . feeling 
enough Swimmingpools ! ! ! 
Nevskii on Good location 
helpful . staff The were 
the 400 we are chose Casa glad . We 
stars 5 
to work in your room table nice . A 
the restaurant of the nice team professionell Especially . was and main really 
foyer beautiful staff helpful . , were 
. friendly is is and nice Anyway personnel kind the and very hotel 
Hotel . very with nice a and wine in friendly park area excellent A food 
! clean Very fresh and room 
Perfect holiday 
Quite excellent hotel comfortable in location 
is quite good ) was and the the other hand stuff Service very : on international 
large and large very areas very decorated . Rooms beautifully comfortable.Lounge and 
above is average . Breakfast 
you and . There , you restaurants 5 infrastructure a to , rooms · after need nice airport allowing to all good business are , that everything evening , , do to location have internet with conference relax pool good minutes necessary 
close Frankfurt to has offer is to . everything The hotel 
nice and shows enterainment 
really Hotel and modern . minimal 
always positive attitude team creative young people.The and . active animation and and smiling rest to proffesional in and team animators hotel Negga have aerobic.They of job : was , are of about especially are important for expectations Aldo me doing holiday.My , that meet girls life Very during good 
it was Byron choose reason 's price location best The to hotel . Lord and 
in · hotel lovely connected ride well a of couple a bus the location · it . service city York This · beautiful park and outside of is miles in by a quiet which grounds is to very 
was . All the possitive hotel in 
The relax one and for pool swimming for a . families children with another 
from pond park lobby Swiming in the and swans view 
we holiday ) the to . as a where back happy had go this next ( will great hotel Russians I year 
the , nicely at buffet drink at a at , a bar very welcome , the start great the and breakfast relaxing good experience . very day warm into a helpful personnel cigarrum the very the the had and really , and smokers overall bar , during lounge friendly at reception breakfast visited had especially assorted 
in Vitosha street walking start attractions distance , subway . at and station Right the and all the center within of of 
both . for Cologne recommend I hotel family visit for of this business as would pleaseure 
are the vineyards among You located . trees and olive 
review not negative . It 's 
to of Travelodges 've the ! One I been cleanest 
couple young gave us expected hotel a the what we . As 
hotel is The itself beautiful . 
excellent . varied Breakfast and 
will it next again We summer visit surely ! 
rooms . nice good a with Its Hotel 
Clean , nice people . polite friendly 
to English are so staff few here you there to the delighed talk stay who are Because ! 
, the terrace beach great well Food private delicious as not was from assoiated enjoy with views .. hard the the our down exceptionally suite is . to It large 
certainly . there I to again again , stay Dubai I will Should return 
this which hotel bed ask , , in a rooms . a the for from do offers I Apart big standard bathroom also 
friendly overal The big welcome cleanliness bathroom , the the the room the the , , . of of size the the and room great was hotel in size very generous 
breakfast and bed for Good 
strip the hotel directly Great on ! 
and Amsterdam to highway . the Close 
wifi a . Free of was speed decent 
station in railway close Hotel to Siena 
you if price the a be strip to good option for . decent on though want Still 
great and a friendly food is staff variety with . The 
are pleasure There all conditions for your . 
day floor what serve no was always first on matter there bar hr . time The waiter well and of was to a 24 hand run 
A standard hotel Hilton within . the 
An hosts to . stay with place excellent friendly 
room The . was adequate 
all and Food tastes is . delicious 
The and knowledgeable staff . were friendly 
. and rooms tidy Resort clean 
. luxury place and Fantastic 
. dislike about is hotel to absolutely There nothing the 
to are soon . go to wonderful return we can place as planning A we as and 
hoped holiday everything The for was 've we 
at all their life lot the enjoy their , of hotels in make my with , travelled the of who the staff hotel around I to encountered I go 's staying but , have have a loveliest world a . way , world never visit such some guests out 
. stay to Great restful and place 
love good cleanliness food is is . standard The good in top every very in , , the top , restaurant We and the clean very 
located Metro 7 5 minutes from about is hotel · . 
throughout staff We welcomed needs the visit supported were the who . warmly our hotel the of by all 
be ! next days to summer hope I there for more 
Palace is hotels most the their The of beautiful . seen Titanic the best to I help and have one staff tried 
huge interest you a as can walk That plus us of places easily for really . all was 
2 star its I good . hotel say would a 
trip short for a business Acceptable 
Pantaneto all a are rear di with a at Via entrance less Although of ’s of in , . countryside , nearly is the the road at the Siena with splendid traffic the building view rooms front 
. for this stylish location hotel Excellent 
biggest Bulgaria sea The with in . lovely view room 
buffet the day , . by the or each and relaxed pools with accompanied beach evening a started huge We beautiful a breakfast live singer finished with cocktails at 
park car by If the car a there , underneath come you is hotel · 
provides the big In addition base to is the " is that " to the and located center close the . verz hotel a , prefect city , advantadge price hence camp 
and in as comfort I will . the loved I going relaxed hotel hope again be 
value for Good money 
Comfy in Cheap 2 days Amsterdam yet South Option 
but territory houses seaside building . big , reception from builnding till smaller Nice on big the the in hotel not 
in It garden area the to located a a calm of min park next the 10 rose from and center is Trier 
the of and is walk ) is near city around about Monmarte crowded is hotel it part this ( so really to so 1mile excellent great location so . , not , 
enjoyed , there.Thank is especialy coktails.Staff size that team ensures need great.Incredible very In is wery animation Mohamed and you vas the all.We everything in all . inclusive , , , suite it luxury.Food days of clean nice you he manager and friendly good our 14 stay is 
hotel bars are the restaurants of of on . lot and territory a There 
one classiest honor have . had at of is easily the staying I hotel of ever The establishments the 
the 8 but only , hotel 6 areas , Unfortunately , number some give I ! in ! earned can score maximum has the points ! it ! ! this of 
modern Really and hotel nice a 
top other is hotels unmatched great and by . bar The roof 
But . room view immediately receptionist riverside the me an offered improved with 
. the city takes the hotel The just it station a and stations subway few close very located inner to is to 
free hotel . Noticeable for inn all the parking customers and 
. hotel Overall the recomended be can 
use rather good restaurants decent of of location . was The that itself number shops with a made , I and 
situation Good . 
car by places there and to parking reach Easy enough . are 
the The nice stop is bus supermarket street a safe to and close in . , quiet location , a 
a hotel great . The ample has , lobby parking and 
for price hotel Nice this . 
from less walking away a 5 Tram is , However the stop than . minutes hotel 
Central location 
. normal is Service 
was oriental there two well as exceptionally asian an was . , spoilt ; hotel to mexican regard with , you The and are buffet the across choice food and for hotels both restaurants main italian as restaurant clean 
. Big nearby guests area for hotel 300 
. presented was The twist · dishes food a and European general interesting with Greek well 
2 At from ! downtown steps 
it . again to next year visit going are We 
check and in enjoyed and procedures smooth out check . fast · · We 
though downstairs was . quite nice Restaurant , 
was room cleaned the ! , Service day good friendly every was and 
Nice sauna area . 
con surprisingly night was and bedding , . shower air bed it space for comfy was towels two and , good , good at good Room , quite , enough , 
very than friendly were . quick that Other the and receptionists 
run around was one couple of the park from hundred and . there old son meters playground a in the Our there only loved year a to hotel big 
Good ! 
and friendly helpfull Staff enjoyable very my which stay made is . 
my changes since last nice stay Many 
and friendly holidays with Perfect staff food good 
has good hotel the a position center the train station city . and The close to 
titanic nite during the here for and room staff we to . hotel a nice , waiters something view we general pool us dinner as was and had by i and my after nice nice the were never mangers a nice eat welcome and always a bar a the animation help was with looked at well full a there , again a find big had were was we not meet reseption all the could had stay then the nice the staff couple 
free an It , including adjusted standards to recently palazzo part of wifi is modern . ( renovated old ) and 
) staff probably is friendly Bar ( . students 
is situated are It expect so Frankfurt transport . , station Flughaven one superb in as might railway connections 
We . anything find complain about to cannot 
quality breakfast Good . 
each access very hotel to secure . The is floor swipe card with , however 
might You surprised be pleasantly 
were . helpful very friendly and Our hosts 
. The is good connection internet wifi 
! , food there the good the everything working the who ! is rooms In Dana beach , are people , 
only staff and are in offering , is lobby positive friendly some drinks buffet . they The reception that welcome free the internet 
enjoyed much . it recommend in very all and hotel All we the can 
to shopping . beach a street the center of Close the other the side and with on 
There provided was soap . 
area looked and . spacy luxurous The very 
best ever again The we be back will holiday , 
in city Relax the 
Inn a Up Holiday for Express expectations to 
mistake efficiently with as for had booking were manager disappointed We our made ágent our us . travel and a sorted hotel it the not 
. room machine In the was coffee there 
cheap Good choice bussiness 
! for Go Frankfurtter Hof Steigenberger 
recommendation This would stay ! close the be for to our first quiet a city 
start Haque excursions , The not up Amsterdam for far , also . and from Utrecht away Good , and 
As built not and . ago down run is all was it the modern a years very few hotel at is only 
. booked visit Already in our 2013 next 
! The is great clean nice hotel and is service and the 
Nice facilities good hotel with wellness 
the general . , impression hotel In a positive of 
a park wonderful Nice hotel with 
my before second since morning buffet very the not was morning various deprived I one ) The very was was flight of was early breakfast and : ( so it it served it . 
there fairly budget good and internet Being costs is connection . 's , ( the between a quality hotel WiFi only and ) also ration free 
distance need Everything . is there you walking at 
have I here 2 treated months staying ) been been I have ( . family since like 
with and . were lovely Staff assist they willing to could anything with help 
and the be the can . Golf easily organised reached Ö , by times tee hotel Ms. courses ( hotel from transport have been 
advantage Lyon . top 's on the so can of you is the location though floor view It admire hotel 
Advertised " Parking " Free 
location hotel , good Great 
the very deserts was good the food ) the in especially morning were ( offer AND in ok. evening , The , buffet . giant good 
was the attitudes detail from to to room staffs the I , exceptional itself attention . felt the 
skype our ) . needs fine technology ( provided The worked for 
time quite a good had , great everything ! was 
I is this perfect . is everything my to vacation on favorite new think , go place 
good are to this hotel surely We very coming back . 
, big . was clean air The , conditioning room 
and is The beautiful tidy spacious clean setting a . is hotel very in very , it and 
. first were and country you was feel foreign at our It in we home a like made night us 
a dana found chill out would great going it to consider we back as beach be to we 
food variety the of to rooms dining The in in seven resort the was , , so any . of different offer dine a bonus anywhere or and 
too we big , The small . very nor too hotel not nice 
finish a can meal Then , you good restaurant day around . your in 
. channels , , so equipped and , tv maker TV Coffee with Kettle player radio , was Room with dvd a many 
quiet and too ! its 
Overall . I experience would was , a one repeat gladly it great 
. to location However is attractions good. close and very is it amenities all the 
be stay in will my Copenhagen at . back next I 
were our where stay , The and made whole the AMAZING point holiday we to staff extended . even they the 
happiness A remember and with joy we stay will always 
prompt courteous . very The , is friendly staff and 
Nice , hotel excellent cuisine 
. hotel There me is but Gilde Deventer no The in for other 
in room stayed redecorated refurnished I . and a 
they good very and are all . There 5 are restaurants 
shape was the in is 70s though everything Even in build the . hotel good 
easy really and to to It is hotel anywhere a city travel . in condition in very nice the great 
boys Enjoyed makes front need.we booking you of was extras.the given room this feel we holiday so very bar all reccomend greets clean different the of on a again and and returning and was hotel inclusive feb you one smile sms.every staff very with for supburb and beach took in which tastes.we our so the touchwith this 2014 again catered much 40 were had comfortable 35 food special guests all a be will the lots . cultures through we cottage care was still as year booked for every : in degrees was beer welcome.would ) keep was for which weather and higly spacious.the following , 
in in anything guests some thrown fault tourists Russian not could but as return hotel with definitely to would and most Mainly this future Germans . the 
april to already again hotel weeks for ! already went and for times We 2 booked 2013 14 this we 
shops restaurants a area a plenty supermarket , from of minutes walking . with , The street bars ( great a shopping ) few is just including and location 
was George staff 's Elysee close station.The to very very metro and It . near Triump , Arc 5 locate de Champ friendly 
stay here . I certainly again would 
this ' Tuscany places We last stayed . paid hotel for price a had ' was cheap minute compared thus other and extremely to we reasonable in 
Affordable Hotel Nice 
Good ! for money value 
always a choice Food was . restaurant each good very good in 
location Good average quality , 
hotel . and Good clean 
Friendly staff 
the audience dancers lot dansing running is when around pants guests the Liked a , but stupid entertain take and and . to stupid shoes with from guest and borring 
awesome bed rain leaving , . peaceful cuisine room and unique coffee when , was gift staff tea built hotel the the , bath little delicious · in very bed French surroundings , friendly the · points and FREE , , lovely · tub in Plus candy shower on 
centre defiantly room the in hotel condition this , , Will to where from return rooms scenic great only the was very welcoming is Köln and short , lobby a city staff walk lovely was hotel comfortable 
of is around laying hotel all real the town is and of parts . The old Lyon in the center 
is . 2 walk stops ' a or minutes away only tram Square Dam few 
consider will and , U.S. Europe speaking France know and but My France Vivaldi and . life Oliver our in the do definitely with to on wife respective we we views ( Hotel again will the , I ) again I enjoyed get exchanging especially not when 
park about worries no . So to were 
Even heated 2 . were pools 
attendance Safety desk the card and with . night front system excellent throughout 
) Housekeeping . was frequent 
food a Petros great thought included &amp; we are ; Nadia which town , staff amp cleaned the ) top : , short nice apartment , and center and ride great ( daily Highlights ( bars taxi to ) was great 
Nice hotel 
hotel Nice and clean . 
inclusive all We buffet . a and there is for went the selection good 
We enjoyed and happily return our York when again visit stay would thoroughly we 
and la the good fish excellent value a restaurant The . and were carte restaurant 
looking do a the Madrid you other services centre of in If need not . , trying it any and cheap are is worth for hostel 
eat to recommend you thats dream Restaurant a at can I Asian hotel this and ... · everybody the just ... should just 
. Near there , many clubs bars pubs are , hotel 
, Place hotel near . is de Opera street a side located The in 
2011 month booked of next ( July the stay my for end this And ) already I . 
, , ( weekend one a beaches flag summer for sea of . or I a ideal A hour best fantastic from than the · ) Thessaloniki visited hotel organized ever , holiday and beach long less with beautiful blue break an view 
we all , to after Everything Staff and all soon clean will is going stay and very do back be very looked in place excellent , helpfull lots , well are , ! do its an friendly 
location staff , Great attentive 
helpful and were staff The could have wonderful or . more not been welcoming 
trip Good a business for hotel 
with every pools can at beach from wife waiters service booked suite double sunbeds room was and drinks i plenty , a first and at excellent , a free grandaughter and in more upgrade junior and reception service cleaners class desk food and given a to to say what department 
Ervery ! morning Aquagym 
The clean modern . is Hotel , hip and 
nice of . very helpful with a and people choice lot Breakfast 
. Also the of and is staff hotel friendly helpful very the 
nice for hotel budget is . young it Still travellers 
the I and staff Similar the , was professional Steigenburger all stayed hotel . hotels to clean which of 
really was kind minded service . He and 
just in location very the be hotel in pleasant . cared for can pond where and hospitable A around walk way the you a 
pretty comfortable cottages The clean and , are . very 
course beds will pool .. , free my hotel recommend of ... all friends , , to friendly , internet this big Quiet i nice 
and and very friendly the and in was great hotel nice and good it helpfull people 
and seats In . addition a furniture included to and 2 , desk the bed comfortable large 
very find . you food good itself will nice the and In restaurant hotel 
. bathroom and absolutely The pretty new also clean was 
corner around shopping great A mall just the . 
activities leisure we perfect of , hotel the good , was very . enjoyed the Food location 
I hotel The need . massive could that everything had was and possibly 
big very Aqua is nice . park and 
in : family domicile I like to very back environment attractive and Trier would . a was A my in good my It with come stay first 
, , great staff , room and . gym good Friendly pool breakfast 
five · ) facilities get hoped than better some in stayed · spa and we The star in compared hotel star a we would wellness we were to hotels . ( four 
available in hotel made this which Free . lobby internet attractive wireless connections and rooms 
with Good rest and mother dog my my 
to the Minibus from . goes a airport hotel 
11 Vital interesting accessible nice is but pm ! 7 Spa am because to from 
Hotel The , &amp; Vivaldi quaint friendly 
. get room lovely with the really or with some to great hotel etc was the or in and animation the staff pool friendly complain away team and some about people Nothing helpful a 
and lose I with needed some desk , takeaway a leave ( charge flight fruits I free juice was , the · good morning I early me ) front said , room catch The which and a to the to the basket so eat it could of breakfast was go attentive all offered very make cookies the me on in would , . service 
Friendly staff . 
comfortable sea and room bed with views Very . 
well really and . enjoyed , the to we Definitely staff money stay done the worth met our all 
di good Keep work . up 
good . resort Overal is 
floor on The ground . and is till late Carlsberg serves opened cheap the bar 
modern and Comfortable and Central shops station close in Rail to Antwerp restaurants . hotel 
comfort A luxury enjoy good and those who for choice . 
over the world as best this one have holidays travelled the . We rate of and all 
Nice . great a really breakfast accomodation with 
absolutely red the dawning a panoramic first The to city fantastic . the that highlighted old was : was it view by one sunbeams 
close it location makes around square to to excellent is central The easy which the too very walk . 
my very Nani there people. that best holiday · friendly 'll was Ala the . in come nice back life. there hope animator there. met i very spent i i i 
a It nice place can be 
with interior The minimal room . clean was 
walking ( the Hotel is ) distance The ( . Puteaux Paris Vivaldi France ) to in , metro 
place areas Quietly and parking god . 
problems whatsoever No . 
all needed in information given and check Excellent . 
helpfull staff good Bell very . and 
not is two the walking needed.although a to problem are ferry boats if guest beach to . available 
. were , clean big and The rooms comfortable 
and service friendly . Good staff 
were hire quickly into quality get you bikes Good to centre to town available . the 
) buffet dinner is is , breakfeast · good ( excellent 
and true outstanding · to architecture it 's . boasts The hotel a palace stands name 
Paris stay in Budget 
beautiful · A hotel wellness 
staff 't fantastic hotel for the This was . you enough do can 
a , great , for us helpful · location accepts must village good weekend a for between and beach , staff very , stayed dogs 
· as get of bus is off want and · you a The look it for the is any at the Conseil . Hop great ticket best · yourself maybe with much and area way sights On · too Off around attractions get familiarise the is : to one to day is two day Hop 
hotel . Overall good 
to I byack like would now go write 
feel personal hotel are care you en let the . treat they with in you welcome The whole you that 
. awesome quite and tasty large · room was In breakfast , 
, it is price is OK Paris Probably . because 
the couldn us do the enough for at . hotel From 't arriving staff 
there had be ! soon We lovely stay a back definitely and 
, . there kettle is kitchenete with Hotel and toaster dishwasher electric , facilities , are equiped microwave good rooms 
the and has months been a lot In completed . beautified few 
rate price . Good quality 
the forest for next doggy a . There directly hotel walks is to 
and use everything exspectations ok you . was For 
comfortable and , wonderfully very rooms were , The clean decorated . neat 
Hotel the . due working breakfast provided , telephone and TV for free room in no to not 
nice to , impression Overall great excellent , staff the , distance sea very friendly the hotel is . of suroundings 
with rate Good breakfast quality price good 
nice a had stay . , we nice on Overall a place 
good we facilities with Clean were the the . sizeable part hotel in room in of 
The sights hotel the the aspect location , distance to and stations to was of other to most close Louvre also most major The train this walking appealing tourist so and . 
. service shuttle to airport and hotel Frankfurt Good from to bus 
place in . 'Ingles the to d airport tour wonderful hop to , &amp; coach the access store and hop While easy Corte have you is bus staying which 
at 12 think least to I returned say it important I location to is . for times that this 
breakfast The is . correct 
Peter helpful understanding was and . Langhout fortunately Busdriver 
... a place hotel A good in nice 
of affordable roads plenty at prices very Location the just there : restaurants crossing . good are 
the the I . at Hotel Rangemoor room is Park available in stayed attic which cheapest 
everybody ! recommend We it to 
in and . and daily daily water are the and drinks The fridge free which big cleaned spacious soft really restocked hotel and is rooms 
, distance walking location everthing Excellent at 
services It offers booking are time of Ibis a hotels is and , , well the the clean is it amenities such , at of , as known . chain oriented everything one business the 
really Plus ( juice fresh ) squeezed : on demand orange breakfast at 
my out and . after I city and tedious can long work travel in pool the a body where Gym are swimming 
Dana Resort visit We to . would again Beach the like 
prefer , this hotel rooms when stay they I have at . free 
the . building There is lift in 
wanting relaxing I would someone for a this recommend time . 
with ! comfort luxury 18th century modern 
walking opportunities Loads sight , . within by of of brilliant and shopping is seeng near all the distance mostly and food the 
and you just after check long . The a in need was efficient quick , flight what 
took all was . and friendly receptionist help the The to me trouble 
all minidisco ho after of an ya dancing mini ya and the .... the crazy half to sleep ready mini hour were evenings dinner kids ... 
Good staff friendly , accommodation with clean 
town 10 is ) the minutes The foot to ( remarkable , nightlife get position to his in hotel . the for Rembrantplein by 
while . Ofitsyanty well working 
Relax 
advise Will , go holiday a retuning to for here ! people definitely great be 
offered ) delicious personal , , cheese everything and was breads . , tea breakfast my ( · coffee juice The , and favourite fruit was sprinkles , chocolate 
the and every nice bright the and part , beautiful rooms are hotel and The of clean gardens ! are hotel 
· free is wifi 
warm Hussein us One staff welcome en Dutch duty M. good and members the a gave very . the speaks very of a manager pleasant stay 
most distance Rome of sights . ’s ’s It walking within important 
couple Italy . central called station hotel in , located from of , is Railway Milan a Centrale blocks This the Terminal 
In Very Hotel Upsale Center the City of the , 
in when . Would recommend transit 
example hotel trained and Michel a has , on by everything The top staff Manager of . well , stays leads 
. , Clean enough hot water plenty of 
price quality for Good 
This for . hotel funny and man guests · very is amazing friendly 
We . te enjoyed meals 
Nice 
, helpful and professional . friendly Staff 
5 relax of I . maximum days time got 
do for you enough cannot . Staff 
location central Great 
the in . walking gardens are distance Luxemburg also And 
for place best of one This is vacation the . 
management a when refurbed in back would been go time has had and . better it we and great few years 
very is nice , be , with Seems eleventh friendly fitness rooms view to over the staff the , brand floor Tallinn in and new and efficient 
, . from facilities choose peace and staff of quiet humorous for some good who activities Lots that friendly to restaurants , and and those and want 
good choice A 
Genuine and people country 
things . like for provides razor bus gel little hotel but important tickets with The , 
dining . the Hotel in options Nice 
and Good tasteful rooms meals clean choise , 
Internet high and speed free is . connection 
give us really friendly to everywhere the good . always was and was helpfull felt everybody , we food or information as , staff there very good was The help 
nothing everything to good complain absolutely about was I : have . 
Relax enjoy and 
district heart . in Art of the · the Location blocks Deco form 2 beach 
is immaculately inclusive are it an clean all package . The rooms and 
Everything be done you wish will 
the delicious the Everything smiling , staff ..... faces , around was kindness all the you of was great food ..... 
table had all dining was ourselves staff we a sure excellent the room and to dinner . made The 
fi Wi good · and . conncetion Free 
next OK free walk Quite advantage Amsterdam.Major subway . mins hotel parking station to and 8 within is 
friendly by Beautiful views made , this only were more beautiful hotel , staff architecture 's . landscape and 
, gym in a is brilliant work there . is small is great The bar food out , basement and morning the a for 
done Appears . recently was so with renovated the that attention detail hotel to and and style 
room. view balcony with Clean a nice helpful . staff. sea 
and service · in stay a relaxing . people nice with top very But 
, . stay is and , pleasant and general helpful the staff attentive was In 
whole great Staff the are fantastic ! holiday and package was 
the and with to city Messe hotel access Nice good 
are shops many caffees nearby . and So restaurants there , 
own has on amazing for cannot chilled went the great it waterpark 's ideally and beach enough staff it do and it for away week , out we , which the hotel is was . it you fantasic fun 's a situated This is 
facilities. center nice from is just . Very a wellness the hotel good with hotel the city walk 15min 
all airports Centrale to bus . Milano Near station with train stop 
A across street . right the nightclub 
so 's , good . that nice 5 I the 's over restaurants was it very it 5 think The are they people have so crowded hotel never restaurants like so spread 
this and best of service I value travelling have I in the for hotel Europe stayed . while one in found 
the . as friendly lobby a bar nice lovely helpfull and , There very is and well as was staff in 
. room The was OK 
shopping restaurant close transfer and the to to , . 
the friendly holiday.really thing from there . that are there to fun my was was club you a everybody I great best everything can rest it animation have find and 
reason it on The our France priced and was holiday from home reasonably our · parking main hotel a . easy had , choose was way to this to find in 
easy to metro close , , reach Nevskii public so to . On transport by 
worked the hotel AC . clean found well maintained the perfectly I and 
Complimentary lobby was . breakfast good the served in 
was included and . substantial Breakfast 
animation sea people hotel very warm a , to hotel entertain beach team big nice , staff are is always was the rooms trying , real the , 4star itself nice , 
. wishes comply our to always Staff was happy with 
the are laid . out grounds across villas expansive The nicely 
one both at breakfast hotel it the great We was and dinner enjoyed . and 
hotel on spot all located The public . is around , good a transport 
and bed really , bathroom . essential TV The and had minibar the · with bathtube whole a and huge was room a comfortable big everything 
spot a nice hotel in Trendy 
Trier 15 is of . center minute The away drive · a just 10 
furbished ( villa in in number very sea overlooking it ) We was and beautiful position 50 well a a stayed the clean beach . , was 
was The big expected and . room as luxurious 
beds perfect not too : soft not too hard . als were and The 
the lagune are day water and Many working pond get garden the . the in the whole cleaned in people also and 
location . Quiet 
left Lounge , impression Executive and Lobby . good Room a 
. hotel Lovely 
the . by the hotel were in excellent cuisine We surprised 
very looks almost area . reception newly The and decorated , good 
Practical 
were . warm and Beddings comfortable 
Café Sultana a worth really is . visit 
, bus from , tour back we the the hotel Gran tour were off 5 Madrid on city went , Via in walk minute minutes got . 15 into 
the from gratis the the hotel bus shuttle is To . hotel , 
Good all rounder 
was friendly this nice what clean can , reserve night and time team a show hotel , romms evening can , and , themed every are was italian dinner disco we animation and u food , fresh good so bored recommend I especially · , big i werent every really in also recommend restaurant 
. , The international food buffet style was food was and hotel excellent 
The very courteous . friendly and was staff 
great times Good people , 
nice super drinks coktails 
hotel It 's right . very warm which away feel and you comfy home makes at a 
Beautiful honeymoon 
a improvement is management The definete new 
to might The be at special architectual first features 's hotel due it and appealing . design 
Well access for . and ) connected ( to airport well city sightseeing easy metro with positioned 
. good ambience Hotel is 
Budget Milan , Centrale hotel the Terminale at 
try and soon . to to area will again definently the here return and stay Hope 
were hope i is great had of to by a all . lots time.The Palladium staff see food private year great areas jamaica.And Grand great.And next was the sea.What say.Love staff the the can We we there the 
. good hotel Very and nice 
room is and , . attractive and modern the hotel However 
us . which to important most is It was definitely clean 
bathrooms a food were such large the rooms , excellent had were very the variety . and the clean hotel , 
at drinks and al busses to beache the time 
Beautiful friendly nice staff , beach surroundings , 
of front the confortable Hotel from room far not , too ) hotel from really walk beds station . 25 but station , just minutes tram ( , center in really quite main 
good location and flat , fantastic is The and room balcony , · the artwork a many other · . close also nice Louvre , screen to size sights bed comfy very so , TV in had very 
. It price location clean can thats all for I and the ask , a , good basic for 
in a sence good partyplace . a Not 
free restaurant bottle , bar things Level on for VIP restaurant of breakfast access ) tea free ( we wine ( areas several ) , ... laundry ... shopping mini the Member Having services offer clubs as lounge several sweets , discount ( VIP a coffee + had , reception bar refilled , , welcoming , + alcohol , 
very s Bem . about , is walk pounds it 12 and táxi to station ´ Big Victoria 5 A Waterloo to minutes to close 
the i place. helpfull smilling people. again according emploeys good very i price of of were that not will how like be the and they the faces to friendly excellent sea.very would forget .. the &gt; in hotel 
rate good . price 95 a of was € airport the hotel an food With 
hotel French to Monmarte Cozy near 
stars 4 Good hotel 
2 friendly The was great ! staff and , minutes sea walking very the the is beach is 
super so stretchers But on we , layed it service bad the so lawn with was on not the 
whole experience and worth nice . But was it the 
All Resort comfort 
very always the were The bungalow , . guys excellent pleasant and helped was pool 
. surprise was a That 
the service of top and are renovated The modern line , but a in really , is very style rooms . classy 
my room We access management had and groundfloor · a also scootmobile no team fuss sorted scootmobile a problem staff so for parking was any , without . was the great and of 
. liked , I Overall the rest 
stay our any . ride location never bus needed Great centers from the city far and we during not 
in . to the relaxing for is return was atmosphere and a it after day delightfully place sightseeing City to busy lovely tranquil us a and The 
We at of restaurants the liked generous the different food . variety 
room well ideal bed . , bathroom · separate was large equipped for stay a furnished : comfortable dressing · romantic and room The 
minutes Amsterdam cetral 7 by terminal foot It . train located from is away 
very . very German staff friendly Unfortunately were but and little speak helpful the we 
to . drive Short RAI Amsterdam 
trip we to 's because until day could have dinner long Luxor After possible a still . 24.00 it a 
Staff were friendly . 
Advantages of hostal . in cheap it located · this the and center is 
were Staff and friendly . helpful 
Food hot too . always was 
Perfect " real with Köln the of ( , . " stops · discover ) the 2 only hotel center to Bahn U out just 
that English I food . etc. the The languages can from main you to all different like most find of of kinds world of Russian the is world know thing German regions say would arabic last employees 
gardens swimmingpools Beautifull ! and 
a trip business Okay for . 
and in being the get such walking never is Location city building from huge a a excellent easily spot distance distance could lost plus to Tivoli . it The you center , general and within 
· , bathroom but small clean 
a staff suppliers Very I of attentive the desert and trips but . of , courtesious more suggest management careful selection would 
. and , sauna and The jacuzzi relaxing pool very clean were 
do ( , . etc ) water There many things mountain sports are to excursions 
supermarket employes friendly and and reception . at , bar the Kind 
I about complain really can anything 't . 
be returning Will definitely 
design in of A area Paris an hotel edgy 
enjoyed be · well We as in all . the recommended can and 
Dog friendly 
beach again our in resort decided holiday next visit to . We Dana 
, the comforts pools , and , supermarket other · . after for the bar one ( · well provided smaller camping looked village adults , and The ) swimming two , · restourant for many with is children , 
back to I love . would go 
· hotel Fantastic make everything done to holiday perfect your . 
Polite and professional . 
fitness evening . of food " choice good was " every very Also 
hotel Diagonal Splendid " . Mar " center near shopping 
Breakfast variety . perfect with a nice was 
and simple Smart 
and Employees , comfortable are keep especially best their very do Ihsan kind and mr. helpful . customers to 
room with hotel maisonette Very very , nice nice 
minutes city Situated but one only to the so the across the , walk . of bridges centre , 10 main river close takes the form 
of . but was heating I quick a help adjusting trouble had bit , the 
renewed Clean , rooms . 
you size you " and hotel available 't looking hotel about . you much If then this option , budget facilities be care the might don room the for and the " are at an 
liked a bars and ottoman restaurants a la There for lot dinner is restaurant carte of could in a easily mostly and have a carte restaurants.We . to reservation we make la 
is Empire . hotel Palace 4 The good a stars 
service room it the call Thereafter up &amp; have , changed got . i 
at comments bad No all . 
. darker The halls fancy walls with are 
children activities i husband many titanic stay my my and and different at my during . found beach for for me also 
3 . stayed for times hotel the at month 12 last 've I 
views the and the the area great out gym Worked . of with hour airport an in for 
recommend anyone I to this hotel can . 
restaurants bars of and . Range 
at an overall OK We the stay . hotel had 
not that was . we There did at this hotel like nothing 
