area as . hell pool The is crowded 
very , small is room 10m2 about The 
the other lobby old 't bar bars all en music the didn way the , But to in was I what really like ! 
was unbelievable room . The in stayed small we 
staying 10 ! minutes angry I the really After was already in room 
be of this and rooms My old the will new was I hope old very that time room 
Not all at recommended ! 
· · : dinner ( portions points Min tiny 
loud midnight very at till campsite bar every the plays music . The night 
the extreme Noisy in . 
very Not ! good 
shop of to trying things , minus all bother very that persistent workers yourself all sell kind you time big you . prepare the One to 
knew reality expect tiny I room . it should in I but was small very 
the airport . expensive to Transport too 
with get car a extremely the is to difficult . hotel to Generally 
from 5 . very a km airport It hotel in is Orly small 
Brits for hotel at ! this Really food poor 
Very . music loud 
in the shopping hotel were The the bad that things . though center bad really were 
't ever . Thomsons again use I wouln 
very The was · staying was . room in old I fashioned 
room Terrible 
not at English speak !! all Some does any staff 
Terrible hotel ! 
stay ! Terrible 
hotel it there the ; and to is walk to of the I walked escalator the out smelled from ; morning ! my During got this and the hotel office which terrible 
very . is small area The common 
small even , call room very it was I would My . claustrophobic 
really Marseillan a . plage is place dirty 
bathroom room . small Very and 
there are and . times very of staying about in treatment such a very lot We situation this serious unhappy after 
In Beach The worse Miami Hotel South 
To avoided . be costs all at 
akward Very 
verry . cleaning the bad was our During sray 
Unacceptable 
the . is poor is and choice The modest very very breakfast 
Horrible Hotel 
is basic It very . really 
bad manager , very bad , service rooms very Terrible 
window , from Probably · biggest yard . the no view complaint the inner all only · at 
hotel ! Robbed elevator of in 
were we a short bikes . bad very which trip for could conditions take in The 
Spa services . too expensive 
charged even had . we the quality area was breakfast that that the was that really fact the , and covered and the despite only The in us , thing restaurant reservations bad they poor 
awful experience 
AVOID !!!! 
poor very . Lounge 
. jammed and swimming The were beaches pools totally 
basic Food . very 
. is Area around awful 
five worth ! never Hotel stars 
we pension very were any and the without kitchenware stayed · deficient And . 
MONEY NOT ... FOR THE VALUE ABSOLUTELY 
awful . just place This is 
again Never 
of noise . lot A 
knocking who . badly of you rushed Hotel of over you almost was behaved children full front in 
. dangerous area Very 
. was cleaning Room terrible 
It was really Bad . 
floor . cleaned all Bathroom at not and sleeping 
breakfast by I charge they for the wanted very expresso filter as disapointed was double ... normal I the that me coffe to a asked instead for services of 
the we !!! to stay the for worth Never and had pay room the money 
Carpets . old where very 
All is very furniture in conditions poor . 
each ground as morning was gridlocked are drive 2 lengthy the very The a . roads to hours the 
upset am about I very hotel this ! 
bad Very hotel 
Never again ! 
gross Really 
! , the The unconfortable mattress bed especially were 
made Piped sting ! music so was ears loud it your 
hotel . all a Not at comfortable 
