Great varieties of &amp; ! foods Atmosphere 
wellness der facilities at an Amazing Messe Dorint 
Everything excellent . was 
. food excellent Excecutive great and his team ; chef 
We again will come ! 
and . Excellent cleanliness space room 
was perfect absolutely . Everything 
her always we speak around Stephanie : ) to needed the was w.g girl was amazing . the if welsh animation to 
. team super Animation just 
food clean really staff excellent It is are spotlessly friendly , . all is and 
and breakfast you the . day The service exceptional next provided was 
Sensational superfriendly located hotel 
I I a get chance ’m whenever going again . definitely there 
villa high dining standard were area our area and was also the to grounds very around . the as reception maintained The a 
location Excellent 
for chldren facilities excellent and . adults 
Florence in Ideally of heart Situated the 
speak there . rooms The and English are very are polite staff excellent the and clean very 
Superb . 
Highly recommended 
in wilderness a brilliant A oasis desert 
tv size ! ! Good ! 
and Excelent golf for beach place 
Thank , it was !!! fun you great guys 
are People great ! 
· a cake Check . was piece of in · out Check 
five in axaha , because alanani working hotel should were be they and rocko a ! star brilliant 
Best Frankfurt hotel in 
was friendly . staff Hotel en excellent very was the 
most wonderfull , time time all .... the there had having : ) fun the I 
it The a to other , the get place especially shops takes from the casino and to . get big to hotel to is quite one very the and while 
getaway for colorful perfect a It very . and is romantic 
pools . Absolutely unique 
B &amp; staff B extremely kind recommendable with Very 
wonderful holiday A 
! Nice 
in highly Sharm compared this I . would especially resort with ones recommend 
and Absolutely super relaxing gorgeous hotel 
like us in paradise our holiday felt on We . 
Unforgettable 
Hotel very . beaituful is 
Bliss .. ! enjoyed Really 
. Internet great centre was 
of and hotel Location the dinner excellent 
impressed selection was I breakfast with . the 
bars fitnes staff RELATIONS Pool restaurants GUEST ) very , Good , staff , ( spa Good very . , , 
outstanding The were . choices food 
great were All services . the 
I of Beach Dana ! recommend course 
stay a nights two . Had very good for 
presented General we these the adjacent to problem closer blue he Manager also not were and . moved When rooms given , A. walking allocated Mr repeat facilities could helpful bands family been two more were to the have to Y. visitors to 
as did stay really we time we our enjoyed when staying 2010 in . this 
hotel Excellent . 
the ! ! hotel us ! 's Hurghada in for best It 
well very . owners the maintained place The 
the . were with breakfast generous very servings Owners 
every Perfect way in 
very Staff helpful . 
Absolutely we the ! paid for amazing price 
treated elegant service and friendly , hostess The there was amazing , so a us was very at was as Anna lounge , she VIPs the , named bar . smart LEVEL 
event We have at when come will certainly year back Lanxess next another Arena we 
our best so ever far holiday , experienced had . We stay 
at the very enjoyable hotel had a stay . We 
. rooms and the very really were clean friendly The staff 
nice hotel ! Very 
very Very good . 
wait picturesque This . again back go was of until cannot the Tuscany I I can most and 
star Seven a This is Hotel . 
were . very The staff friendly 
Perfect stay ! 
Would recommend ! highly it 
Best vacation ever ! 
conected · Very 8 city 25 Amsterdam center to well walk subway min mins + 
a Frankfurtter Steigenberger to . stay place Frankfurt great The is in Hof 
have place my favourite ! This to I been ever holiday was 
Sheraton Hotel recommendable Jumeriah highly The . is 
were . and The very Staff Hotel welcoming 
best of had holidays we in one It 's the hurghada ever . 
possibilties parking . good Very 
nice The . very hotel was 
are . Pools awesome 
. staff wonderful was of all Service 
Very good hotel 
again best Dana be the back and we and again . will is 
was and from was beginning the attended very conference The excellent outstanding the service of the . organization I 
very friendly are Otherwise very , all , they , very trying . 
We six this night and stayed we hotel , safisfied were in . very 
very is convenient So location the . 
absolutely The is . resort beautiful 
. Price Weekday for stay Great 
pleasant place A very 
had a . that I delicious meal fish , evening Do try their 
to Melia Hermitage leave Grand ... ! hard it 
Grand awesome is just Melia Hermitage 
Best hotel Hurghada in 
well trained desk . very positive is and Front extremely 
returning ! to be Holland will I trip on next my definitely 
Christmas for Have stayed in hotel wonderful this . 
near . beach Very to the 
highly We recommend hotel . this 
Dana Hurghada hotel best Beach at , ! Egypts 
perfect was , the price amazing The service . 
Rooms , wonderful food . 
Deventer is been have I Niuewstraat The ever Hotel in best , in hotel NL the ! Gilde on 
breathtaking Absolutely 
quality . Wellness good and are very offer 
Excellent range a offering wide . restaurants 
Excellent hotel 
The staff the perfect central location and . is friendly 
friendly ! Very staff 
. hotel very The very is very very excellent very very very 
Great hospitality 
an incredibly price We decided book . and hotel cheap to it at this found little 
. clean were very Rooms 
. the over knowledge We foreign languages staffs very were of suprised 
luxury land ship on . but a basically concept cruise Its 
resort was and It family and had to by time friends an . would I all my excellent highly recommend this 
We Dana . in tennisfriends a Beach very stay had with nice 8 
convention location Forum for Ideal center . the 
importen good working we The there most ever that . are the most meet everyone are thing , peopel is who 
come again · ! will Sri Lanka we 
Very and bar good . restaurant 
! offers value ! good ! for hotel This money 
one of among this I five top the ever would visits ! rank · 
directions as very us as was Alphons in well with helpful helping . the visit to in area places 
hotel Very cool 
! Great Hotel 
was whole . was as Our clean room the very hotel 
· other In respects all ! great 
the huge . Big is to the connection pluss in park hotel 
breakfast The diner ! freezing was aerea and 
perfect . is Location 
. place just from marvelous We arrived this have 
want some and is who relaxatio it realy rest For great people . 
The hotel ! very clean is 
money for value Great 
Our very was holiday . nice 
the with We . were hotel very satisfied 
book reasonable room of the will price discounts again the definitely with . well as now we early The and very was 
us The . special to was very honeymooners for suprise 
awesome with an holiday animation team Great 
Amazing holiday 
. Everything was great 
very clean double rooms are . and The perfect 
with rooms save found that the market weekly kitchen Rimini to in The and part delicacies the at the money ! small be can recommended of enjoy for who are highly a old want those 
breakfast france toast range food for on were egg weeks and wonderful this offered and on was after jam . scrambled of 3 · bread in a we behold A to feast 
location great A 
Martha are and . fantastic hosts Alphons 
eight had made to arrival couples eight welcome on were feel all rooms . We and very 
Such everything hotel a lovely was , excellent 
hotel ! chic 
everything good very All in was . all 
very . But night at silent 
best the of One had have I . holidays 
in ever experienced service . all I have inclusive Egypt best The 
recommended !!!!!! Higly 
. on other Rooms quiet very are site a view with 
very much . enjoyed We 
and is Everybody very you if need something informed to Russian speaks get easy it . 
Frankfurt 's ! finest 
sure back for come will We 
short . well at place · for as to stay great stays business trips For as 
Absolutely the accommodation horrible money for 
service and All was . staff very excellent friendly 
BEST ANIMATIONS gym which and ! ever Sasha · especially with 've seen kuku I ! water THE ! 
hotel in great The Turkey 
Great resort 
on bit · . Dana of a heaven earth Beach 
Hotel Food Good Very fantastic 
in Great November Ibis stay at Bilbao 
and location . The arranged very lovely is surrounding 
hotel star Excellent 5 
to . departure welcome The time ... us made checked from very feel staff in we the our 
such a Thank wonderful . you for experience 
hotel has everything ! This 
the The and park nice around hotel very surroundings . was the 
. were perfectly saff handled requests by All our 
very good ! hotel ! 
nice was very beach . The 
. The clean are very rooms 
was very sercices Good . the All 
. service superb really was and great was the staff The 
good , enough ! stay definitely our to we began will ! say back ! about cant year this things be We but 
really They serve breakfast . a nice 
Surprise room , great service food · and 
great staff was Hotel room restaurants , . and with superb a 
Excellent hotel and staff 
and of It unique charm is modern old a the luxuries world the royal . blend 
food ) · Bubba great Steakhouse especially The . is twice 's ate there ( 
Definitely recommended highly be . can 
, We nothing . excellent had vacation an credit but 
helpfull was are taking staff the Dolphin , about guests Club at care very ! they Hotel the The 
Really lovely resort 
in Beach Great Dana Resort holiday 
resort Excellent beach 
food The is very also in rooms the good very general 
hotel &amp; . Excellent service 
hotel . a pleasant is This very 
in Best class 
hotel ! have we to Best been 
Köln very We break weekend the Dorint in enjoyed . nice a 
for true Eran , is amination Loved staff a friend the life especially 
view the food . Fantastic from , breathtaken bar 
Very good 
hotel of . is Always I use best the ever one 
old city view Fantastic the to 
Best we have had Holiday years in 
is good . Bar very 
bars , of food Excellent and selection . restaurants choice of 
. everywhere Very clean 
we The best hotel know 
't amazing resort · . are people a just Couldn ask better the for 
resort Love ! this 
november in. month for february spa the staff a and hotel i in month titanic . a and in 2012 in also to fantastic a 2012 a stayed march 2013 beach i month were stay fantastic the again found 
doing job . is exelent ther Everybody 
was view nice . balcony my from of the Although mountains very 
for me The enjoyable and vacation family most 
been a created grounds has very facility pleasant from . a It wonderful 
the canal not been have Delightful and view could better of . the situation 
best Hurghada . in hotel The 
, old even relaxing so walkways staff was The with the the atmosphere . gardens , buildings and 
general 's and foreign The staff languages competences were . excellent 
A recommended . hotel definitely highly 
liked that . We really 
the comfortable were excellent and food ! the rooms indeed But very 
facility ... Wonderful , but 
Hotel Excellent . 
as But was . all very I the said okay personal 
were things Two especially great . 
. Breakfast super was 
, the Likewise restaurant . is excellent 
. pleasure a be It great you was with to 
time Wonderful 
is as as well rooms . superb Interior 
finding excellent and Martha with , and our most way . &amp; hosts , Alphons intrusive facilities of expectations helpful ; are &amp; over their use amp accommodating being above without amp ; 
. clean very are Rooms 
the due to . excellent South at was conference the Ritz experience and Stayed a Beach Carlton · 
is . service excellent Room too 
is breakfast wonderfull 
. Food and drinks were great 
come definitely back will ! I 
San Siro Milano Hotel Idea 
there . incredible food was The 
I ! ! BE ! sure ! : 's That BACK 'LL ! for 
highly . all friends recommend I the area hotel my the would to visiting colleagues and 
holiday Loved this . 
a of middle Best very in to Paris stay place 
service was . excellent The 
marvellous The service ! was 
exceptionally was . The comfy bed 
say I that a very had . this I have hotel nice 've in holiday to 
· absolutely top Location doing or . is business going shopping 
of · the mention is course One Top should it ! location 
good are My generally and I impressions very feel 
! hotel is awesome This 
and a as or this Agia cycling our especially the village stolen of , mountain marina.Chania have hotel to visit well car Rent . hearts 
in Sri wonderful a We stay . had Lanka 
! Great holiday 
choice Great . 
that Save . the recommend definitely I hotel , 
holiday Topaz Club Best in hotel 
the as what be touring holiday spent and only 7 at dat Dolphin We Sri Hotel our to best Club . described can days 5days Lanka in 
great was Mamlouk ! 
a hotel ! is top Beach Dana 
are rooms huge . The 
it strongly I recommend . 
Nicest ever hotel ! 
hotel most would ! recommend certainly ! I this 
very helpfull the stuff 
The . atmosphere is very good 
at vacation have ever Grand had . Palladium stay Overall best was the our I the 
with food happy Very 
fantastic sea the at weekend A break 
price the lower While so Marriot hotel owned . was by much is not the 
hotel . Fantasic 
. Wonderful wonderful people place and 
my was very that hotel have my say pleased to with am and first at I I visit experience the It . 
The garage . an hotel well has secured underground very 
great , on is . it average But 
. served Sausages which morning very and mashrooms good are in the are 
Hospitality level and the at highest . services 
time very a would we recommend this definately good we . that for had But hotel there holidays and despite 
definitely the me Have other stayed hotels CARLTON NH in to and also is best . 
Breakfast is ! wonderful 
people very the hard is friendly please en Personal very work to 
hotel at . stay Very this pleasant 
! ever holidays Best 
great Just 
I pool ! loved rooftop swimming 
Absolutely wonderful 
date best Our to holiday 
. was Good Entertainment very program 
A stay ! wonderful 
just and second it wonderful at this . was great was It hotel Stay my 
, The hotdogs chips choice ) five free excellent ( . gave was occasional and burgers , although ) just restaurants salad BBQ food fish bar of an beach 
. always but very it it is is The of to help talk a okay staff and difficult to , with little them some friendly ready , 's 
of heaven piece A little 
location The this of 't can hotel be beat . 
. Top hotel 
thank for ... sure you come · time I back great will for this 
perfectly Opera is . located Massena near Hotel Paris in 
to and worth stay the Dorint visiting . place a comfortable , Köln really is very 
! welcoming Very 
resort perfect holiday the for perfect The 
Paradise on earth 
was resort great . Mamlouk 
Keep going te work with good on ! 
. great is The hotel 
good baby . month was a We personnel had table · stroller a for very keen the with old 4 us · to and the us and find 
comfortable shuttle ; moct capable is super airport had is buffett very service convenient are I breakfast the Staff . have ever awesome ; ; beds 
and atmosphere . staff The were wonderful 
Emeli . friendly Tyson , ... very , Denis , , Sasha staff Kristina 
too trouble staff was nothing absolutely The , was for . them much wonderful 
Awesome and resort vacation 
is in all very the zones good Cleanless 
services Good Very 
time holiday Every is wonderfull a 
holiday so far stay ever best , Our 
excellent service the . is the staff is coffecorner also Columbus Italian of The great. 
Excellent 
! hotel Melia the is Bulgaria best in 
Great all trip inclusive ! 
excellent very good is dinner , . Breakfast is 
extremely needs bartenders and our always The attentive of pool . were pleasant 
Beach Dana Resort ! great · 
very . Reception was staff friendly 
A nice Resort with % 100 very comfort . 
pleasure for and ! place Great business 
It wonderful holidays a for perfect ! choice was 
at the night great a . hotel one stay We had 
honeymoon Excellent vacationd &amp; 
hotel Perfect 
entertainment amazing the was The . pool , was excellent 
i the biggest and . Sands in biggest hotel in bathroom Golden think Bulgaria room 
was When the in very . and staff checking out friendly 
Water very clean was . 
vacation party overall wedding · Great part of 
place for Great weekend to extended stay . 
work The personnel ......... excellent 
personal . Very friendly 
looks hotel . spectacular The 
Great pool room , incredible . size 
holiday A really enjoyable 
absolutely Villa Hotel Dievole stunning was and . 
. is of lots end Avenue The with fancy by location and close situated excellent restaurants of Louise the at shops are 
facilities excellent . area Spa gym with grewat 
The way in . most reception helpful every was 
superbly at so view Carlton . on delicious lounge ... great your furnished ( the somewhat Breakfast included and room book to in though is try is ) breakfast and overcharged city the decorated NH 
Hotel much . staff very 
the . impeccable were rooms of cleanliness standard and excellent The 
stay time fantastically a the For 2nd 
! best the hotel Melia is 
Best in town 
dress staff . quests proper us can suggest use etiquette facilities for additional facilities like those well as the signage and of enjoy the I so as guests tell excellent 
activities hotel great . leisure offered The 
in hotel holiday a Hurghada for wonderful Topaz 
hotel The was class room . top 
perfect end . some partner with is relaxing you if your and hotel need week This · lovely 
from room noticed lobby cleanliness . Outbeaten to 
had best ever the vacation .... I was IT 've 
and Excellent staff excellent holiday 
for and money location . Amazing excellent value 
. hotel The were staff great also 
vriendly Again . receptionist an very 
Amazing hotel 
! a We , lot enjoyed all 
Perfect 
its is this . The hotel about location best 
. Tops of Top the 
all the but others . Mo very also friendly were ) 
enjoyed our stay really . We 
are The . a showers dream 
lovely superb our excellent and beside was bathroom room . position shower was Park Its with and Nells 
Hotel perfect is ! 
Best hotel 
is rather drinks as ( pricy the also recommended are bar Breakfast . ) , in highly 
come for sure back ! Will 
english great Riko otherwise is to at course speaks intensive speaking . Animation that an especially , the Russian least cool , , yourself prepare 
. worry The the coffee able was we on of machine very meeting was having to about the ( the without fabulous our room operational visit elements were well and ) focus Agenda to serviced 
