The bad . animation
. The is quite breakfast poor
especially PULGAS in . charged price . agreed more us rooms the THERE And They the ARE than
Never more
. bit animation fun ... was lost has hotel the a before more much Although it a
point that to area the typical completely isolate the negative the of so noise wooden fail Only windows
rooms . this flaws hotel are in much category inferior to and many a The have
breakfast cleaning Old hotel bad bad , ,
The plate bad shower . , without a
pool . chill bar the lounge is bar service , out no and The closed
Labyrinthine
. somewhat breakfast you staff there The always long not hoping , were impolite was
were one the small stayed We room . three truth is that in and it ENOUGH
hotels us scariest myself used Courtyard and of they Marriott The this 'm gone be of have can the room course gave may , that I convince not those all using and to ( ) I
The environment like nothing emphasize has the to , . hotel
from the center Hotel away
the with area Nothing in to ... resorts other ... ... do
bed bugs and of , full Dirty nasty
me neck should I not , , like they hard and , to a rest too did the disc day wake some put springs every herniated in bed up viscolastica made better have , with pain and bed back I the the of .
fact your in they check you when do bring your , In not to . even suitcases room
Riviera the etc. . Principe are the Grand , Mayan , the small complexes price , of is much , much superior as at Bahia which , Iberostar the such better large hotel Dreams than It the Barcelo Palladium of and hotel , a
, , star hurt of two , choose more seconds to from two was honestly breadth desserts there a a choose and scarce be and was to from dinner Food anything little hotel little . two 4 not first would menu and , to
sheets day we the despite only week around the changed staff seeing once . the , all cleaning were In hanging
It the 's fair
street marked by in , lack expected personalization the with relationship the that of use Hotel each the very on side buildings be 'macro customers place ' the a with client business that a level two with . of makes would category in
of rest the those the for chain of least hotel . hotels is enough the it has beach , that and the what me disappointed the at
not in better in August to ... leave weekends and 3000 the desired to September ... people general who arrive be '' ) `` ... destroyers mention (
offer than what they Worse
meters buffet the its the Doña in of and much in which hotel Pepica away It itself than 100 . free is better boast ate
. the The the same beach on umbrellas with
problem bridge solve . of true torture managers the to A the Incapacity ,
me did they time had the find the third database , . in I Being not gone
is cheap expensive The
star 4 be to a Jutito
. frills No
at , The the I that quite was . breakfast which had is , poor what free buffet least we did
They announce expectations do that meet they the not
with in but reserve their Something . to not time do have allow to the that organize places someone should staff people to chairs the use note is hotel the them the towels and use of free
to the room the spa like bathrobe year of minibar been am of , came bed being not happy previous gift comment year . ? go this when year chain the previous a the this control always the years the one cava and was at nor nobody 16 the damaged reception the room like for year not spa was customer floor I to choose the but the at very arriving in dirty this the customer only the nor
. Worse bad of a than the pension
lot of really and bad beds paper , a bad very as The , made . moved and noise mattresses as thin pillows they
restaurants The closed for and painting pool . my days needed
anything or wash kitchen the The . that dishes clean they to downside not is do put
breakfast lax quite . The
staircase the Reception . under
think experience it come back An · will I do but not
stolen the was mobile My bungalow in
it too for saw Mercure . simple a I
, thing without is unfavorable , only . location of the hotel a the doubt The
The management show not . does up hotel
improve . , could Regular
absolutely is in the , recreation there . very also is It area with from in , nothing center the are area the an ​​the far and of connections for metro far Barcelona
paper of , everything hear could The you . walls
least would so , point at but water few we our complained arrival a The reception they to that . day install of the but good words facts
SECURITY SCARCE
and time a had The pm of armed was we wrong . go 8:30 queue being , wait , wait a lot December long dinner being to to to to enter a , 8
was it . can not big not miracles You and expect deal a
The could you . comments because without not it ... ... was even bend dwarf shower
environment appropriate . , addition at not the the go is out to most night In
negative assigned point long a lobby air floor night of conditioners were As air the room 's on . the and we low a a was all , heard
than stairs and Narrow more steep the Himalayas .
eye more Also . expensive ,
comfort of Therefore ( 96 may expensive the bit ) be relation room night euros , . a it in / the to
! Rome as Old
4 lot prices are that a and wanted hotel The the bad climb that , star to for not ... the to now `` they are a 5 vine or '' thing
hotel Dirty
everything else But was from , normal here
with Unfortunate stars to be .. provided have the desired they . much services leaves
the A old little areas in common
I 'm satisfied . not completely
of 9 with per day from theme non-existent in Problems .. the waiters received tables any room area pesimas the the who interest ... staff reception parking in variety and , meals of the refuse and the the first to the bed by the some , caring the nonexistent , and , abusing the take day condition for hotel without to ... the charging the any the customer drinks the , € hardly treatment impieza
in . problems have hygiene like that the in bars places They the beach serious bathrooms are the surrounding
feeling years is It hotel type does 40 fashionable guest makes of due cozy have that enormous to ago its was not . a the a and size
reflected these and frankly `` of in category we to be the has '' cases campsite . were disappointed The
public is to transport to the of a know is not we not km was there by do lot it beach The hotel 8 I car nearby easy travel ) if . you , a have , beach ( distance although , buses saw
informed , jam , had service upon , in hotel some toast that of : look we , ) the street . same juice arrival self for it butter the one place the no but done ( bad us coffee outside to breakfast The was and meager was or
that , pounds the very , you oriented , It poorly toothbrush machine foreign any worked some What other without client a we much are obliged ... Apart edges not . to them unhelpful educated seems has it you had do a want poorly logically placed how It all or a expensive aminity staff to and even understand vending from and .
chain . will back hotel go to this I not
much enough to was the at staying there the people There choose not was hotel and all not for . from
are ones singing shows animation no are they . the , always There nightly of
pension Basic
, better the be mainly Breakfast could . bread
people run and it little edges attentive The . , who
The hotel . attitude the was worst case of the staff part of the
Madrid in out the food and spend typical the bars on and the same a We around found , discover go . better breakfast expensive recommendation as so ,
industrial near polygon . an of located Hotel step
special Nothing .
meal normal . The
work not well 's The , bathtub a on just so whirlpool does roof it the
lack . damaged the is they , is of do smell little the It and during appalling evident corrosion the maintenance ( the cleaning sheets day ) ,
disappointed has It me
. Pretty hotel simple
fix arrived . it door work When and not we siesta the , managed to time started did to we they in , get at
not home a the not and type big is food , deal the . Breakfast is
what not the they great asked room do ( this is restoration have : the is hotel very serve they and for of The been slow problem service
. Little noisy clean ,
room cleaning normal the The . of
Do not much expect
stay Disappointing
were rotten the The doors bottom at .
a not as I holiday would family . or for a it recommend couple as a
in rooms Robbery hotel
in , of by up ( morning while for treatment plastic staff toilets of makes wake bungalow the so the heat sweaty the the you , and the you 8 ) you . shower Especially ants greeted the of the state are
reach does The . not the wifi rooms
. Useless claim to
of ( possible particular ) type not wifi , room , . connection the In is bed selection
stay Bad
old were and rooms . hot very The
service , and regular . bad reception Very room
to 9:30 is served also time during : from short Breakfast 6
flat go screen only you barefoot not . is is television The floor if buts are the marble the cold and
5 full and Hello a reservation room advance it went day anymore we ) take with left paid not ( could we in and . the with board we
was after the said category a think significant that season is , the not weekend to promotion , is I be . of four-star in most it although of although a one hotel this It it ,
a in May 2 and 7 only the hotel even traveled degrees . month put We customers heating two were refused of with the being of and days between for temperature the night the to
concrete dawn the unknown find Arriving quickly guests personnel accompaniment or able of complex such to was no there the in to be . at to indication rooms
280 it is today honeymoon dirty worked hotel instead us fruit paid fatal afterwards days red they blue us etc , more was One the nothing who operator residents . had and pool yes the on for of the how we They not hired , said euros do , horrible they etc dresses , even and the what in ... we , arrival , , attention with nothing pack the the nothing for of with bathed we there but , respected claims that room to that no no clean a that the , and to promised hired , the made , having internet offered mogollon pack We of basket bracelet the
the scammed offer with us They
seemed quality me variety and very inattentive low in poor The very to annoying with little , breakfast waiters pastry : worst of . general of supervisor the quality waiters and products thing ,
great disappointment was trip hotel of our the This
from entrance errors the to the exit . Continuous
hangers no unpack do is closet try shelf just There bags . your a with , not to some
was walk to . where it at located The night was area bad
The staff unpleasant
poor and . rooms facilities in in condition Hotel the
the do even tablecloth They . change not
until rooms three La you including in there morning be micho . , movement at as to wear sleep where Rambla to directly is better But many deaf the or ( ) to that in keep least mind plugs mine ear , have give
this . In desired much to be sense leaves
correspond a not does star . 5 It to hotel
Average hotel
5 We campers . stole
the , civil the town measures recpecion.NO to the and we went complaint guard we and almost camping put lacks security the this a guilty stole felt the the appropriate called bike to part on . of
at in . a the hotel at night thinking lounge spending more the suite , a We had it hotel because a rented about was least than pension
. the Early in may bit morning `` be room cool '' a the
treated badly arrival we were Upon .
for . and to waiting them still fix we and was it are come The broken tap
Pretty simple .
the as improve big they thing bed other in would The be 1.05 free should opinion are . a not be our and were share , beach the at as beds as child to to that hotels only
I Marriott from expected more
shortcomings , for . liked I stars did pool many example , a had The being least have not despite that , four is
members any police not response night at bike etc they not anything ... null etc , the not the of what into money present and do , any things stolen we the was by much affected the like me my not , for answers of want less the , autocarabana were time was . at , went you situations these , were stolen families , cards came , the when hear 's ... can of bike and camping they it interested in To also The to
: Very stay and forgettable light noise
wifi charged , . everything ) conditioning air They ( for
due on because not And should to eyes blinds to close forget masks the . the the your cover you large not air conditioning the do balcony
the from the in away only the bed , . have They in and , another room one toilet plug
not no longer good , go is of Do Panama Decameron
fallen joke , have and much hairs ... satellite desired and say on gives . the be satellite 3 , splashes on other , , I each of and room wall the the there beds than saw uncomfortable table with only to channels the television cleanliness on bed hard bedside the , beach was they more , the are the The must sand The
of typical an . decoration The Ibis
The either work does wifi not
not impertinent is ... 8 who you + ) did impatient , : remember buffet the and in as receptionists mistake thing rude very say biggest knives hotel as to not told ) cleaning previous + serious growers , they do discussed staff touch the had and ... vegetable and yes o'clock , I your one what about the ... , the shout on it ) manager not ( · the much that ladies to ( 7 the morning the real about The scream agree 1 ( deserves and the another authentic of impolite is nose
some lack . jacuzzi the especially There the in Spa , on the and is of in maintenance terrace
it inside with it are looking your it or a have shows of watch kind through because . to does that or ... to activities , , If day do all not you is , not for facilities stay dinner hotel hotel
the very think were ) small want , that like people not I the there capacity that is many be either . would 's middle and I of ( it even 8 to summer the not of how it December restaurant imagine if on in do
Unfavorable
to repeat Not
meals the only The . but are
final on it terrible this TV be We one , `` but and to older it the and hotel to of looked '' seemed than the dance tiny wanted Let was see . 's
park . to vicinity Bad in the immediate
, we take all a spent and in , to a , once to are the and , pool thematic salidisimos therefore ... any get the beach per pasta is hammocks fumigaban to everyone , only up ... wants the , pathetic impossible was restaurants service The the ... book the bites the week it on .. waiters impossible same eating ... week day to
could be It better
The woke bites nothing second I complained , with they up I did morning but . insect
for suitable since reduced , Not has with mobility stairs . very narrow people it
or do and sup not hot clean , change 3dias the rooms are all 4 at without , ! fatal at night do * service service without of the sheets not the the hotel aspects seaweed 12 they all-inclusive the of incredible towels we of full an were ! beach in , ! , water , leave alcohol
Only the know price going for . its what , you ritz 're high but being you
plenty are . the hote There of at stars
'' toilet _ be room for , course hotel which to would room . the the entire same a Of in with deserve to O `` sink hotel , from this . and cubbyhole shower dwarf , The o removed the
a but hotel , to have and put parking you car to lot has from no 300 the the meters . in leave a about parking
There a in . nor was for lounge , vicinity or the not bars restaurants customers
Holland say for reception the reduced they 's or and let . of stairs the with impossible people typical elderly mobility narrow The are , : inclined of stairs are
, which are with is not , not structured to quite what do you annoying language usually they tables . restaurants is the imagine very food understand thematic are and The the the , respect basic
do and not bad bad the I believe there short did , choose fall are hotels not . this many around comments
argue they And !
a at , the always very are . street Just good people there bit since it night on little and is central
. is wifi the are in rooms and breakfasts I expensive not paid the very that the like did
and have was 3 times one this been I the last . worst
just bathroom . The shower reduced to , enough
became after as and down elevator The very the up the so task , cleaning rooms and shared complex before a going staff . same us breakfast
natural in not it cafeteria The the , was which . only was juice
me me week stars open I passed any hotel the do . hotel put there phone report phone of arrived think corresponding not one mvl , Next police recommend calls I at and ... was here this has to I answer is answer a door director not received this them says no when of call the ... and to I all they claim have a mvl have my 4 we day was the the those I
350 are beach the m. of recommended areas The
bad The . not a is 2 for * hotel
608 scratch fridge room door ( gave a a and ( was ) map a ... deteriorated a the headboard paint .. room the ... . time needed bed This coat stains wall kicks full of of they us the world it ) spots .. of like because bit the the of
points their , truthfully something many , not will , is it reduce is although The that situation drawback only .
standards small with , and with We wardrobe , a on , although by Amsterdam , they possibility within . exterior at the mail us of the one very TV end gave room a floor the only booked without top
I was could only is head that that hurt perfumed so about bathroom the my so ... thing complain The
is camping Pola a The repeat . place to not
or defects maintenance Poor with all , not rooms claims answered kinds solved , . of
area a in Regular bad hotel
citizenship go to classes Staff should
A little disappointing
expensive bit not days has special a its , have Worst own a is . it although and price garage for it all of does parking 3
very the four without . bidet a a hotel bathroom to in be room dated star The
hotel Pass
arrives at WIFI of , . just good not quality The is room the
there it dining . because guests other of a the time were In long the hardly clean took remains around room charge in staff any to the
communication the . with Bad center
without us any hot not were hotel to and have the staff and did details appease did water two . days We nothing
or that is one the when the impression worst occupied were were and dirty , was conditions , all chaotic was slow us . since to tables they breakfast in arriving The give the general everything
the the For many on are better Riviera there price ones
small senzillo with a luxuries It and is a . big hotel , without service
There you no think what did is , ? elevator
and clean water what clean not ... that , of , hairs and treatment pay I dirty . ... do you that know to the unkind they not from that and do , you full if the with is well do paying Apart make showers
a bathtub not normal small television the have , from that , different and to room are cathode other tube pay with hotels a those of , is you a a more size downside of rooms As , very
and of between bad regular Type . clientele
They do not with minimum the offer . price comply
In with this , in chain have which been I the treatment 15 doubt hotel the , the traveling years and this cleanliness details , that been hotel the a , have more than . without
, Normal without pastries and cereals natural breakfasts with . , fruit
down stairs between elevator get or room the you have floors The go up two to . , to the to so stops
that weekend We not ( had one air July did the those oddly conditioning arrived work ) warmest in and the of been in Vienna .
needs lot This hotel to a improve
same lost talk reuse user you 24 and , the once which bit you , not the as hours and reception access out could , to to you . regular ) again theoretically the soon Finally it logged lasted worked as wifi a had (
service little it We ( that etc Internet , 0.50 charged floats ... ) air , found € mats ) € . they excessive a 2.5 connection very : to inflate expensive the (
. parking to surroundings in find Difficult
be reception best all tend something they hotels the surprises where inconvenience only , found workers is friendly it the not . to the since and at all that at were in I , ,
go hotel anyone with I to friends this family or not recommend to . do
swimming to hotel of to beach the has to you restaurants pay pools , up any , . Villas services have , they goes service call ) waitress 3 , in times no the , a you more that very the a so transport deign from to in house is arrive possibility have ( clean far it ask where day for stayed I once to to , in the a room
However , do . expect luxury not
clear schedule we a clean because the not did cleaning room Sometimes did . not have they
a ( conditioning noise out facilities The only of date hotel room and made The lot in terms in furniture air of ) is totally . . one of
