, value , next walk Frank this location . from Square the House the of hotel its 10min undoubtedly to central station Dam , Anne Great the is
is , 's fine . motley it but clientele The
. well but The very large organized is complex
center of from Madrid the minutes Vía middle the 5 in Located . Gran of Puerta , the del and walk in Sol
natural . lighting and views Good
I detail As make delicious ever tasted , I and about the , personal . breakfasts hotel 'm a tender 've the the at crazy they most croissants
quiet hours entertainment silence Very . respected of outside is ,
. as all chain for disabled the is The of hotel enabled the
center at , four the height hotel a of of hotel A . the Madrid right in great star
recommend positively it I
also . the has It door taxis at
with A the all great hotel amenities
Excellent affordable prices hotel at
, , everything necessary very The modern good experience a room a we was enjoyed this with category . of hotel for
I , without thorn a to off will that I return see doubt . if take
staff its always and , rooms , its hotel . , friendly love location ) its so helpful ( We this
giving access have the hotel that you security 24 only to door guests a hotel this reception to night and the the access I liked , that has . At hour blocks
deal Good .
. home you They make at feel
, free and mattress the the very The fridge is pillows comfortable also .
pool see could From you . views my spectacular terrace , the
... and The iron have free complete safe very are etc minibar , service rooms ,
very , good the breakfast station . Camp , varied subway the days plentiful Nou and to had close 5 and the very We was
, located Florence close in ideal the of the of , . and Florence is The station the seconds hotel situation the duomo from to is walk center central 30 is it so
. , better It cozy , staff excellent lit views spacious and place is a very with well rooms , with even
The normal with . rooms comforts and all the and the bathroom
to hotel Madrid is . central 's most , Madrid , Vía access corners picturesque on very the with The Gran right of on foot
hotels mentioning common , worth all as beach spaces . in The are
area Good new . to of next the option ​​Valencia
years , that to highly 21 of say with vacation . wife first 3 very typical wonderful , with can together was restaurants time and 27 and for my of recommended our 25 , all quality We Dominican it Republic and a we traveled , good children the foods old
visiting , beach a good staff Principe , great is , worth . place hotel to a kind is where restaurants magnificent that , is a some Gran and recommend , located attentive Ambar with the The , it a food place for , bars , good very it Bahia
doubt it Without a is something to repeat
. I family with friends return / my with pleasure would a is place or all and It
/ quality Good price
of , ! Very resort facilities hotel at good a the height
and is will is of the vibes the this , I really trip early rest as the variety and always very on we beach . the beautiful when place , . 's familiar , spa to a rescue a There I beautiful the the as and , very rooms . with a attention people spectacular . place size of service its from place never the well and . natural staff it of liked . environment We unforgettable · rescue greeting the warmth food beautiful quality forget the good . the the crossing
in arts area near of city the sciences ​​new located development Hotel the . of and
etc . ... juice all , bacon delicious stirred squeezed , freshly , Natural
has . iron safe a large is free and wardrobe The and
privileged this main ​​Gran Madrid thing its in location , The Gran best , , with area access the the to main to next of . is Vía visits the theaters best Vía about hotel in , of
. truth the spend It to enough holidays the good 's
. any renovated the away of old from noise house surrounded an mill and nature in is greenery , middle by The
... details champagne They the they . of of with had the in care chain of take detail us bottle . this a to continue
. channels and The large has many is TV
because does of in could matter gave find they and in 2006 of but . , I in one bracelet March was me not March , March it ... my white 2004 them not it 2010 of repeater of
Comfortable
Modern , with bathroom comfortable shower and .
of the del We Musical the , hotel is Rey theater went in Leon . the front to
how for Pretty it they good painted
the if you an to football , short and of ( at ) Barca a operations , Christmas hotel . of year successful like the stay base rest this , In excellent in visit passing or Barcelona
with and greater it also loved The because modern when kitchen it furniture we we included and very and buying freedom came . had appliances
economical Very comfortable and
since is the were for the and in sleeping the only , that beds is good hotel quite a Rome was city comfortable , used truth . like hotel The
stay from Stands for . through to magnificent pool top rooms SPA you to or the , , the the an its guest make fantastic bar reception have on · the its the commitment , floor out unforgettable restaurant its ,
mind my videogame stores something , and cafes several , feeding two escapes . that Having else several confectioneries bakeries ,
the This allows from have less . coming noise street to
treatment the very My cozy good important everything breakfast included ) very hotel ( experience . very was the , this in good ,
Good and hotel spa
a room It bathroom large room a . includes , living very large a and
recommendable
and good relax return ( enter quality the 's and the to neon center can the time one main Gran who those to Well ) , Via that right shops all bustle hustle thoroughfare of expect in price Hotel at lights at the , in meets people seek that of its the for any a , then and Madrid in middle everything . a ,
comfortable and silent . Rooms
time , anything previous the did us in . he disappoint Like not
, service the forgetting spas hotel the are . The of the best room without
August to of be . been the center tranquility oasis to , in It of has in cool able sleep Catalonia an and wonderful discover
Good hotel city
asks recommend go , hotel I If I . it to this will at I back if Rome stay , someone me will and
farm the the example spectacular of ) spring for ideal is ( , for , the and lilies beautiful : The . area garden walks hiking on
swimming , very and the clean top built maintained The , floor hotel newly pool including well modern on has . very facilities
Great center Hotel Madrid the of in
without It skier animated but . was ambientillo with burdens
is The . discovered pool
that you make back come Details
has tranquility after SPA has a lt of recommend the liked a relaxing it and & ; ... tomorrow hotel a use lot work the I Me4 is day and sleep dinner working the . , that massage long
for value money Good
best the sustainable at time integrated and same into of are the . the environment very , of tourism the , They nature rich and ; example clean comfortable welcoming Respectful
spacious and Super rooms comfortable .
pampered non-stop same offered , to , it at me differently but was things that time me days want pampering to went of I happy was attention all felt when above few made it see and first forget was , to it say and I that At I the a
Good choice
a days live really to choice . good was Hotel wanted relaxing July spend I the it I and ​​last a at Although , Senator Barcelona Spa , Barcelona in few
. spacious hotel The quiet , clean rooms are stars is , the and 3
recommend is communicated both of is the Madrid means transport It well hotel . goes everyone I to that road by good a , located . by cleanliness good the a and and hotel urban is price with and that and to service
, the bugs despite vegetation The the , . lush hotel rooms ( ) clean clean shame zero
all friendly ! station stay highly , recommended , and in with the Termini breakfast that people , possibilities the , Perfect Rome very for it near good offers ! the
everything it complete very is good has . The , very breakfast ,
. can more not price you ask / Quality for
with super home . , clean very feel The at decoration successful apartments a you
a traveled with enjoy week . years children 3 and vacation . 5 ) family the and old were They ( to rest of We
with . and and tea water were pepsicolas and included minibar coffee The
Tuscany .. the ... getting that see and you is besides And and beautiful Florence ... their it Siena that ... better of in one villages lost
· a of joy a spend few and place to days where . It recommend we can pleasure is
well located Madrid Hotel to very know .
very quiet everything because very clean . is were and good We
minibar Free
. money Good value for
nights . good . at are stay general in weekend apartments They omm and in the I 2 the stayed , nice
in to quite Dock . ) close , ( neighborhood hotel river the downtown is The to Clarence close the very
And romantic off to . a dinner top
and beautiful that , plays and you in is inside of simply infrastructure the it has small full beautiful seems where night of small it a is like . evening town its music square a it shows The with life from shows 6 varied were ,
With in room the wooden . floor
one gardens hotels in of beautiful all green It the most beautiful . been I is 've with ,
, extensive very immense quiet the The with beach included bar pool .. and
I the I me correct other comments was for polite unlike , , treatment and not the reciter other with read friends and become reviews have do to expect the .
) it and room for a and coffee ( the without FREE comfortable Highlight beverages is radio room in to that FREE alcoholic . , prepare or how / your has , the tea mini-bar possibility cd
it recommend I
rich and restaurant hotel the serves meal been . The very attention has a quality
one to already of traveling our and We . recommend it is them friends
door minute nightclubs there next , , , The and street away where are beach shops and than less 1 walk is also is . pubs restaurants main the
of we quality like rooms , to or when and it missing service finally The , good very home something the reception services at need is ! something the comes highest , serving comfortable if customer are are , attentive very
It . relax is worth passing to
the knowing also time , at great education to you call treat the they to your . any pick respect room you up reception and with They how with if from be phone and
experience Good
. big with and large bathroom rooms bed The good are
bakeries , a supermarket is next , to shops It center ... shopping with ,
to Unbeatable ; places Plaza to We all to foot on we de the from have wanted visit the gone the . Retiro Park location España
to next . moments and beautiful located front the a in great train is the of of , toured station center shopping relaxation cinema right to after , having go in to It city the
went perfect for it . good trips my well and services for apartments spend and They in very I very are all cared reasons and relaxing friendly own business to but some very is for , days Madrid good
Las option for Vegas Cheap
it station time and is of second . because sciences and in It stayed the that we to its of city arts bird proximity the the
to place , , days ( good comfortable clean APARTMENT few . spend perfect A and a ) location
hotel is very maintained and It new everything . is a clean ,
the you free , once and The courtesy the if bad vip not SPA senator access of hotel , is have have you
. Hotel careful and clean
and long , the of day to went enjoyed hotel the Spa We morning a kicking after courtesy Barcelona . pleasant , , a
extremely and attentive the . the girl reception at On the was hand other polite
free , hotel with Spa Well-equipped .
they food entertained had , , the great guys it holiday professional very is looked the after punta happy the of good Reverve restaurants I bars the , , a cana hotel the well not , the the in do very me , is very reception palladium are very I animation have regret staff and
recommend it I . everybody to
Recommendable .
. buffet theme food a some the lot restaurants besides presents has The and variety of
The general . and in the are good service food
has big terrace 're makes you out , a . which you forget city It a chill in
room choose and quite treated good it The the were given were quite were was and free , is we from to . we that wanted hotel well clean which ones we
service , the as the for . coffee to spa details customer repetitive , invitation room being free minibar in such with the a Continue
hotel has is star 5 whole family facilities It . a kinds the of all that for
in up seeing a is sea . and ... room We were every me day sea the for priceless view getting
free door hotel a . the has and the bus at of It stop is Disney
are madrid bathroom comfortable , by of very recommended in vovere lively highly , madrid will rooms place regular a customer , minibar I excellence the find in hotel in via am , the whenever visit this hotel restaurants brares can can and and leisure to beds great located of free you hotel cinemas , I center , good , madrid theaters large I etc.las
men . closed , behind everything shared toilets doors toilets but and even individual The are women the
. and on The nice the trees beautiful Alto is hotel Uvero in a located ​​coconut beach of area is of very
an the the are Luisa España station Plaza . / Cathedral or walk AVE you half , de Park hour Maria in Hotel near the in
The best spa
eager the Friendly ) , room details in coffee , , efficient minibar maker . help to . ( and staff etc . Many
high hostel but is apartments are were so going in Vía It the up the ! great when to , , the Gran located buildings normal we surprised this find typical from outside with
Be happy
Elegance
close quite is . to center the also It
to going hotel It this 's worth
the stay leaning to again of city tower in visits Would . the future
beautiful the three very The in meters are , bathroom bar ... and The room dressing , with , area , is , almost big a , practically hotel children on spa the with dance swimming , , very , a top there football leisure , , bed for terrace as , ... the . table jacuzzi the . with good everything pools games facilities a room orchestra billiards hairdressing was of as
city in the Located I choice the . heart it travel , to my whenever of is Madrid
Caldea passes than ski pages and offers its what cheaper , prices ski spa of we website . very quite has seen on in advertised courses booking complete , have with It
if good can we repeat deal will Very We .. .
and , personal maker , and Quiet many minibar , connected coffee amenities service rooms ... excellent free area comfortable services with well , , etc Wifi
breakfast good Very . good and , cleaning
Full weekend
We 're is and choice , , the getaway of our 21 tapas Madrid we to weekend it of I because to move to without we , by show power to hotel : Via whenever the Senator center ¡¡ this hand to not is see that My around of take Gran the the hesitate to ideal the and Madrid you , having go going city , plan family do shopping , love situation can everything . family the catches so car a a clear
to during are I facilities the the the highly ... several several I day good of nights found out very hotel go and visited in , destinations the places the near recommended
of ironing water ( , , mini-stereo with minibar etc ) bags of TV ... 4 , , capsules board The and iron and milk flat perfectly 2 and with , room tea coffee Pepsi free bottles soundproof ,
. children Few
is and located less the fountain It Colosseum minutes 10 than the . Trevi , subway one 15 to minutes from block the to walking
views beautiful it The pool , solarium Jacuzzis in in are front . Hotel clean comfortable spacious bar are has beach and the areas very is . two Peñíscola , with a common of , beach and practical rooms and of organization the of There and the the
very well and hotel A city cozy located
assorted drinks pastries room ( including of nuts with drinks client a you As and all . have Privilege alcoholic , kinds ) a
door bus is at There directly a . that the the center leads to stop
bright where overlooking is . it located room spacious The : , well roundabout the facilities quite giant
Acceptable
, be . I different getaway curious couples a a to it friends honeymoon recommend , would jaima etc would , families . romantic for place The or
of away It . not outside far 's Siena but
, subway ideal located . , hotel Madrid style , in Melia of place point conbinations Typical , visit bus good any a to central
week as more loved lot It Madrid friends served the it spend to everything you liked the with comiga beds the a serves well a very clean hotel was I well the and I bathrooms in
the for have do a cart to transfers walking not The go you . option to the you if hotel from beach distance allows
very a the , with hotel with complex A all activities varied comforts . in and careful
Père Next Lachaise the famous to . · cemetery
Comfort of Madrid heart the in
are The , they houses were out rooms perfect different spread in .
a in located the very want Nou station take is do Camp to the . in not , next car The stop of and bus close you case hotel subway a front to and to
treatment all amenities happy had kinds from of very the we the received and staff with . The room were we
did . out phenomenally onto room a air well as , leave noise a not very running conditioning to very all was we single The temperature it night to not keeps hear looked it the have spacious patio we a interior the slept and joy and
2012 , the , , charming night 20 facilities the , its at to phenomenal the stadium spent breakfast definitely this hotel and good . buffet a care maintenance hotel polite proximity very soccer location , of hotel terms great of in boat chose the great staff good Barcelona August and the in we , of it the for the We and , oh
meetings Ideal in part the . Barcelona for of southern
with nice and quiet hotel . friendly service A very
pleasant recommend some most In . and stay apartments a order comfortable and to
it recommend , really I
a nothing blind travel is wall . , good bathroom ... , Between if bedroom a if happens there couple very a and there . the detail glass the you as is
are nice honeymoons spending rooms very to hotel are you view the A for and with , the . well , , possibilities or holidays spend They beautiful ! there going many the family suitable very and treat time
who congratulate safe I my was in the pool , in put very , work good that they air , different the to not house job , by do restaurants wish they there the , , big and hotels liked good like I confor are , have felt , excellent , brasaletes because hotel and impressed , the do men as other rooms do , women a this I treatment hotel I
as from breakfasts pies , the note sausage bread very well . the rich as Also and area , with cakes and homemade
habits general very friendly is neighborhood . located good the it In a simple and and neighborhood good where is
the thing is The this about location . hotel best
. and the sun a to due pool I , was an good the has weather rays enjoy to able that it outdoor did It in solarium the October of , and bath
and ) ( the station is hotel of walk is in away The five-minute Hackerbrücke front a train the tram
bed put the an us big to next bed . They extra
it gym but has I It did . use a not
the , anywhere stop to detail ​​with , subway Nou to very quiet having the the , Barcelona of and garage , close very juice to located in water and hotel Hotel quiet cozy good close very Camp go a very area in is reception
know public has any . very transport a to in Barcelona good combination part of It
There very a professionals great they friendly and of lot are and all are . staff
spacious dining one , well Very room a , the hand areas with huge comfortable . the and on , differentiated window
I it would . recommend Yes
service the time Arenas The and the have perfect serve children stay go that friends Hotel at little . to Las beach have also , ones the good to there that with and to fun a both with was is to the going
in is price Good · Valencia quality simply for a if spend are what relation night you . to looking
transport child we ) of places hotel public did and central there . that you The take very ( can small were go Madrid any a the all is , from with central to not we
cheap and Recommended
option and you in . , the super center hotel the of , the to shopping and convenient tapas enjoy The theater city gives is the bars
, willing paragraph always , separate magnificent staff The !
quality is much , nou line the soccer and near staff it much subway city bus price of recommend good treatment since good , it very hotel because to . as the the I so . see hotel as since next of of has see . relation located camp the perfect to well to
all bed per the plus and , separate toilet large robes two 3 . comforts stereo , classic Grohe shower Room pillows with ,
fine For short 's it trips
then no pay deal , longer The so . pretty ... you good the with hotel staff once much
variety drinks all of . Many above treatment , and meals good
we total a days relax had 7 .
; time a less The that metro looking . did total were the for bad spent not ... well for was , or , near central hotel , terms and We general there more minimum the , in that and we
lot and tranquility views good of . Very a
visiting , is it good worth hotel Very
of wants the for city from the pace . to anyone disconnect frenetic who Recommended
Seville a know to a car and have . stay Very if quiet comfortable you ,
Arts proximity our made to of stay Its the easier has . Sciences City and much
Very quite nice . everything and , friendly clean
Repeatable
, sunsets in the apartment lake beautiful gave we overlooking stayed us an which !
they and extra . lot there a the large put a For of bed was still space children
You buy take it alcampo to the to center and there next studio shopping a food have . your an also to
the in , you and stay comfortable in with like the coffee senator they attention everything maker the . is everything .. .. chain very them ... a luxury are marabrinose are and rooms all to hotels need
comfortable very nor big and very the clean small , . neither The were , rooms bathroom beds the
. of restaurants in or the drink a for dinner It variety a has area
or Recommended center . visit go the to shopping
overcrowded the is complex in nothing which for the . best A service
shuttle . service the of hour in has a terminal free airport 3 It front and is every the half of
0.5 per we perfectly of . were euros , head the nearby mysteries know could and 35 arrowed slept about we we So , the ( and for great km
, service ... It excellent an staff excellent cleaning has
surroundings nightlife the of in Crowd and bars . restaurant and
Novella fine train is Santa you location price pay , the The for hotel , Maria the good near , station
, , rooms menu flat are all The . , spacious safe screens rooms , modern pillow with in , functional
room in the Free Wifi .
at ; asks checkout was for also extra bags no no allowed Very reservation since us checkout one room , to friendly there after the for staff it keep They the do . late charge if
and the are fine bathroom The shower
remodeling Finalizing its
a in guarded Something keep parking euros corner the a is lot for to day mind 24 they that have the around of hotel
services area you several and . all , have well In connected the restaurants
as The ( was coffee and maker and small pepsicola a ) , the minibar . water and the free were connection WIFI safe
Senator the Congratulations chain the . acquisition to Playa for
bus walk minute last something . next A the minutes station is buy in Lidl ( a you case ) need of to there couple to
Good site
that . I truth I as as The comfortable and a is have have had long pleasant stay stayed
big hotel city and Good
natural All light the had had . we rooms
in were . the buses of hotel and front But rank there taxi
The rooms the has service and comfortable hotel and spacious personal good . is very
is . they your care since quite pleasant good is The that service stay
hotel Peaceful
an have enough problems so exclusive with area any Once you hammocks have . of you location not do leave that room the you
to the they according to and an features price . offer addition affordable In
the very wanted , we entrance beautiful at the the ... visited The and the at for square , cathedral at , we location it tower the is place duomo privileged . of baptistery time , pisa night a day
the good enjoyed is . breakfast the which Spa very , also is correct We
ours courtyard spectacularly , are Zen comfortable located the spacious overlooked hotel and a well is beautiful rooms The , interior .
well be I would say for were in 2 , some opinions it there that time so quiet although all visit if could failure liked moment in in another ... as that only of comfortable always some could went same we ... the , but I , next respect I we the days I and . always . feels very personal again hotel others thing others , I things play we being
a is located it a city place Despite being peaceful on and street . main quiet the , in
clientele and Calm educated general in .
most and are also the buses important square reach to that Gambetta attractions . from several the of the Paris center leave There
. educated Mostly
quite a close is dine bingo you and kind where of McDonalds flea also can a market a There , cheaply .
. beds clean hotel category : ) of , pillows perfect also for large a its and comfortable The (
recommend I executives it for
If will a put to a go 9 I I repeat this hotel there to had to and I . back not hesitate I would recommend have note put If
with traveling for . those and animals also Ideal children
. touristic most places can on go You Madrid in foot the to
, . coffee , from , stereo with every very to comfort warm and with rooms pillows choose , The perfect maker
. highly Airlines American , recommended a Still five-minute it Bayside from Arena and walk the is
are the Fresh and from the block a and . that was the enjoy beach in food you bit excellent do stayed We away / walk way our landscapes serve . breathe was beautiful We far the best is it to , after with air eating can gardens from better it decision a but Ecuador they the since
they have Once , positive I flat TVs I as . have now at again hotel observed have some screen stayed , changes this
good a It place 's
pass One
very a and has you Forum in connects very the The , minutes it that metro if the center good 30 is business to to as for 20 are also is . of stop going location nearby Barcelona you close or
and roof a wonderful on Madrid jacuzzi great has with views the It of solarium . ,
and people responsible ! Serious
inclined which reclining read The you can with are TV . watch beds comfortably or
two and rooms great with , minibar The . with big beds free new
recommend I it who wants Seville to go to to . anyone
iron ( with TV perfectly ) minibar , soundproof flat room , alcohol is The , no free ...
to family The . nearby with has recommended go affordable quiet Highly and neighborhood restaurants . is and supermarkets
in Excellent location tourist near many . spots , Rome
views . the , , The the is roof the pool from , where spectacular best
Good situation
ages friendly of great variety Very staff . for all activities and
and Comfort good location very
allow leave . companion slippers they Also a your they and and free in as ) room of ( bathrobe charge great the SPA dogs small free additive a have
pool both and provide They . towels sectors , in beach
Also , the area quite is quiet
well he the and well rooms they bad They sleeps a look deal . you . with after and are have good not clients
doubt good is I and staff . good a , located with hotel it a with without it very and recommend a well would attentive facilities competent
Very hotel new charm with family
the , cleaning , gardens , the to the ... facilities and of treatment staff rooms , In highlight the of Director . especially food addition the , the , attention I
want are lighting enjoy of if with with In , good able partner great view and my few spend company , your point . these a facilities relaxing and being apartments to you good , to perfect privacy days tranquility and , ,
Disney good A option to lodging to go
location Vía minutes , 5 Metro walk , del stop close Plaza in Gran downtown 5 Excellent and Madrid . the the to Sol of Line from
very of treatment pleasant workers are the hotel spacious rooms The . is quite and
for , drink ( attractions center El is of . a you around the with all the have the city tourist places to , located Pilar and example ) in It ,
Elegant relaxing and
I the at surprised that heard can , the neither hotel is highway nothing the nor airport really . was rest
bed a we very were , had The room comfortably sofa in comfortable traveling we room the was a · fit that with . and child
which with they room it well made very quiet the . shutters faced silent The sun very and but are insulated
the a fresh jugs . two reception juices to very thank In detail are with
have a of coffees is is kettle in the with infusions you . and charge milibar different free What and
and with Good . services care , , good family camping
a very lot There all the of are dishes is and variety rich .
Close staff effective and
that it . A what offers hotel sells
, They a have great . with variety buffet breakfast more interesting than
complete it the very , buffet and varied breakfast . for is As
doubt thing hotel The service ! ! without the this customer is about best
. The attentive people and kind are very
lot without . would doubt it We a and any liked we it recommend
good very center Its access is Clean and location the . beds . comfortable to
The . adequate the space in was room
attention Personalized
and was the attention correct cozy The room
10 spacious everything and modern spacious , business early of very and I center prepared the good . and trip . hotel room a ( arrived the already a In clean Madrid a.m. ) I was on at room had fine treatment stayed was . , and
for . Ideal getaways urban
did at The . not I time anything and was I stay good there the miss was
the of The hotel . and along the the of door of the factors is · metro service to the public highlighted to · quality be proximity transport of with one bus
professional and . staff Pleasant
and Hotel well . priced central
dei minutes is walk located 15 It the Piazza . Miracoli from
we If to not will there stay Madrid we . back hesitate again to go
Bienn
Cleansed
Only from 4 5 · . subway train station stops the
pastries very doubt , cheese jams quality The price , , , an ... , honey ham Without eggs breakfast etc bread good a homemade homemade is exceptional , , ,
its staff is of and the this comfort attention a located We area it good like because its the . of central rooms , hotel very very in much very is
friends ; delivered times ; team to totally , newly ... all cleaning , groups , ) of 2 sometimes families exhaustive couples people times diverse daily of , a Animation very , towels of with environment . , kinds than Facilities acceptable with ; day to change also up more married 2 up (
free TV refrigerator spacious have , and The they a . are a small , plasma rooms WIFI conditioning , air
happy Fairly
will repeat We .
were Oberursel the good hotel . well to held it price at located of was where the to We go it 2011 this a had stayed concerts , Hessentag because and
, sun main views of great close via , , located , great , very with , , cleaning . , square , well well views , , , great museums to and theaters very great breakfast door well attention Hotel very the habiataciones way everything via the good the
stay Good well trip , work rests
garden is house and the , independent to attached the the The . access with room to pool
controlled by agreed . celiacs for Menu association the and
and A a good to friendly , very and is . food secluded line places also the employees nearby are and to great has the bus go from the city , rooms quiet place nearby
I recommend . , Despite it this last
hotel class with A
and Big powerful .
in place the All same
and are kind you the they when very them to . are of workers the and In even aware you talk friendly hotel ,
expected much the more . than liked hotel I I
rest place to Nice
, To airport from away stop line Molina a . and the very the close is airport connects to that the , is station the walk Tirso Atocha 15-minute de get
comfortable taken . well the is , travel We very of family hotel care as a feel to
views impressive two the with The . Jacuzzis , from rooftop
accommodation room is the , For the expensive in the received since cities European just the Amsterdam other . price quite is of to generally service compared
hotel next this we . our trips from that will occasions In already use Madrid to we previous knew
walk stop bus / station . train minutes the from intercity 5
reservation . in the as Views requested we over canal the
the visit choice to for . next Rome Easy
, the vacation I fact this all hotel a the and went in to loved Spain we services experience days the few I enjoy could to stayed best city the and has on Palma My thanks climate girlfriend the of the and the to we facilities was fullest that . and
Good and Hotel deal good
the barça Correct if all , at see travel to you great
. well next the station with and treatment tourist station Hotel buses . center city , for to , bicycles and to located Subway quite connected staff Good the area and bravest also public and welcoming . and well the the near close and right trams
. service Good everything comfortable , and very clean
the . a of Nusa urbanization in of in beach Dua paradisiacal front Located
The with and full and equipped with large , a , a bathtub a bed apartment . was kitchen large bed double sofa bathroom a
some , why to it know very so uphill hill a ! I but Calella , in slope fact , is If is time , pronounced you walk complain do and not is not the have little
has babies . It is it all the , a for suitable with may since be services room that needed
and the can are you spacious hear road comfortable because . big rooms The not from any noise
you cozy and management you can help last wonderful clean and great the anything I comfortable the to in , wishing a , atmosphere rooms against the from say make , not employee to find very spaces hotel , comfortable anyone staff the spacious and the
Comfortable apartments
sunbathe and you hotel the terrace and , beautiful from pool of the bathe outside sees nobody total can On . in there you tranquility is a
makes nuclei the outside maximum , its this nature . hotel of The has value urban situation is
. hotel service Excellent with Sofitel quality and
appear the . how you show are . and everything that and , decorated everything apartments The exquisite has taste photos is clearly an with the , exactly web need on
conditioning . , desk beautiful facilities , the spacious spacious The small beds , room with are , friobar terrace rooms , queen hotel , air is
great of is The Madrid one classic of Eurobuilding hotels . hotel Nh the
with price quality a all where is are ratio , care · an of hotel design excellent the small details It , . taken
, good breakfast is The products of with and . quality variety
us have , made Many . weekend Garcia spend a good
Hotel and treatment not good good stays at , all itself bad is food , good . The
and This super that wrong the is there . best vacasiones of also is good ice is one nothing
. to like us friendly very at any home treated , need doubt They or
and blocks Triomf located hotel de the Marina station from is about . The from Arc four the stop about three
, ( public Metromover and to Metrorail . buses the transport city ) You the access of have
in Comfortable Barcelona hotel
free has in room service . free or safe also It internet the
well and not Well hotel , clean bad was the it was
hotel the last The year undergone reform . in has a
best the , through we above The good all price offer thing internet a apartments about is their . get these
hotel know , the , and Vía of Puerta is very middle close Gran is a for to Sol It to located del getting ideal the city . in
quantity and of variety there dinners quality a The a lot . was with lot , of
Pleasant days
10 in walking location . get minutes than you less the Quiet but in Duomo
room and comfortable was a it rested we well But
really it . everyone to recommend I
eight number The large hotel if remember buffet has of breakfast correctly and and floors is . rooms I , a cleaning correct
by to walk or go . can of city Then bus the center you the
, etc several with ... nearby situation bars all , of the Best theaters
is hotel free at kitchen is has hotel a . fridge the spend necessary not and . so wonderful money It for the , to it
reached bus of It possible Urgell it . , be ( airport to easily from about is minutes so stop the ) the accessible is 10 walking
all needs The hotel the . covered
. comfortable clean Very and beds with
neat The spacious was and double quite we , . in which comfortable room stayed
the staff than breakfast and . ( ) is beautiful more helpful the is The reception as room
A , possibilities to besides air many , ( , . open landscape kilometers and enjoy and the we ) about have the away silence the stress place a few forget beach
view very you you D family any hotel the : make want complaint you good beautiful without it well restaurant highly is as make to has the if you fine food hotel recommended that a it very is the a this want treats vacation is
it as hotel and bus The close I go stations is to truth . , family good conclusion that it has metro , quality good will of very is very go couple in back hotel hotel good that a , as and a to , a a
. is The correct bathroom
and Practical functional
it , make correct has it They such drinks replace infusions details so that mini please room as non-alcoholic clean the coffee heater can aspects bar you , ) Very or liquid the daily . , very the ( . and in all in free
good pretty Quality and in center the price
Madrid hotel Nice in
located where well you bar the , eat house the and Mario break near are nearby hotel Nou to bars . It is pretty a up there Camp several
beach perfect and is first location , nearby line transport plenty restaurants of and good , the entertainment .
children restaurants a center with my is and , quiet with and two very attached to pleasant gone from shopping and cinemas the Sunday to Friday We have stay .
service entertainment . well and The pool
spa the to hotel in very middle and area day ideal to the go to . stop door busy a Hotel the . , , , of to by musical go Gran next to located in the many a , exhausting well can by tapas after shopping an Via sun the be the of bars you relax walking or a area metro for be has
silence therefore and located I good clear walking place , it It is the but it . with access or where would to the Madrid overwhelming of tranquility very the be that center location lacking thought is was
practically of whole . sensations pack without moving A
good hotal and the only words to I have describe . the staff
The just is meters . down one subway 50 street
the is The station . hotel close to Termini
and we have we it . We know it , to everyone repeat certainly will recommended
The . room air conditioning good and spacious with
large of the bathroom comfortable room the and the size is clean The bed , and .
for the recommend hotel couples I
urban buses the plaza you taken quality . walk monumental point are is good.good very airport . numerous and to any which good hotel next transport , area can breakfast from . service to city rooms.dispose the of located cavour to relation.centric.good
see beach it leaves , is lot from they car to the do necessary to the vip because club it is . in city the by car not go The parking , it discount
course not coffee large , . . this of , lack pool had recommend , , included.Genial bar any coffee maker ironing spectacular huge with also did yacuzzi detail capsules and The mini , an iron maker it , room a I board and free
taken the facilities staff according care have and by felt perfect to in of well condition We all the were
. and located the between of monuments station Well , the main Pisa
del a meters shopping the is and that beach . of near is advantages few it Diagonal Mar center from has the One , located the it
part been inside The of . final this have room have and , the changed into the in hotel the its is integrated balconies rooms remodeling the hotel been bathrooms of the
club facial each as you tennis liked like those truth One , as move us ... all-inclusive , treatment area options An that hydrotherapy , of an really , , ... well to try well-being possible so where experiences ... fitness you kids and of courts inside little travels , in body and may last and to meals and very have one room for , baths treatments that opt have swimming ... for thermal for feelings the , relaxation pools , correct , I aesthetics SPA Regardless that world who one of ... many much hotel
site and Relaxation wellness
Milan definitely went days recommend to 100 if I hotel return that Quite stayed would this I 4 , % I to and I well , back
of famous Lucchino , by designer Javier hotel Mariscal the restaurants nice even the can interior In Hadid and Zaha . are the Victorio pubs every designed , , ... such as see or floor you a
located . The its of so location middle Strip hotel is ideal is the the , in
people friendly the The reception well and
, a looking are good If a sleep place is . for to you it quiet place
stay hotel . if so minutes go see Nou the you in foot can Camp the can a fan , and you you are on 5 From
back go to when I again will go I Seville
. modern and adequate We a the found very bathroom room careful cleaning the of and
those time above well abundant little very down . and go a average of , in and pity cities Breakfast breakfast price with , varied to to in that hotels
beach many children For access the , , natural trees to great space , . direct
good the people is tranquility the were at The as 90 and all are the were occupation looking area front but in . is % because of time we almost for and good older very we beach ... / 3rd , you age very German
etc Around to are buy well . basic products water , , , many supermarkets have shops . eg ) ( as places there as to and breakfast
amenities and Nothing the it where for it is offers place the . expensive
beach Beautiful
with , done as and have already taking an machine . for , nap all back capsules room speaker is rooms your a come to you , In kinds a etc clock . coffee its after you the well put Also when of breakfast the up with as alarm get such , smartphone as details
To repeat .
possible which hall to is metro being and the also it without near hotel by car hotel the facilitates The the located park . mobility controlled the town is , near
. your perfect is very , as perfect it even central facilities it recommend cafeteria I
The and very large relax lighting . sofa good are rooms · with
atmosphere service Good and
the price addition included is to . In not safe minibar usual in and because is wifi the it something and is , thank very ,
everything clean , very The are nice is , the . rooms impeccable hotel spacious whole and
. home , felt Our at there as , was we pleasant stay family more than
rest The . to repeat
5 The them it deserves is that the and , . truth hotel stars is
In Spanish that hotel I staff the . addition the fact spoke value , also
, it around midnight have you making great Soul and have from very pleasant taking with until the to I stop . Elysees 12 services works was I and the into child . weather will No Bridge and It the on next , takes , walk Champs by bad be , of hotel the provided account not is to after thought that passing moving Avda you the seen a the good page bus hotel 80 beginning what the
Both spa massage relaxing were and comforting . the the and very
noticeable pool In swimming August high conditioning is and with season and air but the hot is is it a there is in not . it the attic , it
good located easy locate , service , Well to .
and station comes If car option the from , by go train Sloterdijk you is tram the is good from stops two that a it airport . the
the with heart . city unbeatable the In of facilities
its meters see . , the , landscape that top the the highlight few from has ground among we and glass high a floor walkway the can and which must pass you And views
, little located the noisy , , center a very go with the is area to in atmosphere city of same time hotel an with the at communication to The . and well
its attention 100 price beauty , The they and % to authentic offer is is what comfort to hotel adapted and . an
is it . views spacious is small had living it that a , room , The it perfectly gave excellent soundproof had the us they very road great and room of
Surprising choice
that It WIFI and a works SPA has very well small area . free
shade of lots The are with . spacious and plots
very . of clean and care Everything taken
way in Satisfactory every stay
Recommendable in hotel the center
the , hotel will , center and facilities of ! etc We love be leisure is the to located the say certainly staff soon of is gastronomy , about what We , then the repeating Madrid what with spectacular offer great . , culture the throughout
the is needs fantastic The all visit and helpful attentive very the had staff , during we . to
. comunicated Good
España privileged hotel is between Plaza location it and Callao Plaza the is . the of The de located and
great full In way !
beach need all the Calella to : us what has Palafrugell It the above center access and de on and you the everything . , foot of most excellent interests
good Very of Madrid in center hotel the
return and for , our recommend friends will . everything Thanks it to we
the We of . also cleanliness highlight the rooms
tastes . all for food and Abundant
very theme the . and that I well the of free wifi think admás works
reception : night water inside at of and outside The the of the the in murmur the and and , silence rooms best amplitude the . fountains , the
for people non-demanding Quality
, this In recommend hotel general . we
renovated newly , very The to everything as was new hotel careful detail , .
with as such the , atmosphere and room ( quality maker wifi water coffee the ) also details had is The pleasant very juices , free in ; and . great room free connection comfortable dream and in the pepsi , It minibar very
The . hotel free service shuttle has on a request
care know A good . of that takes to , Madrid service the location , hotel perfect
A combination good
. of The a free given the of session person per clients Club PlayaVip charge are Spa
our and departure pleasant us the from a enjoy flight direct allow to to check have Aires and vacation The rest Buenos later . out to adapted fullest the the time
drinks a press great very , with . lounge other access A with highly recommended location Luxury Moet , with Chandon Level , canapés , hotel service . etc Red
hotel Good Madrid to visit
Hotel recommended
very with , . modern design central Hotel
Comfortable
Our the interior had vast that terrace the and of think hotel room hotel I balcony majority overlooked , garden 's and a the , .
Next close Metro to . Plaza to and del stations bus the stop Sol and
Ideal to . the a of sightseeing weekend in capital spend
great and The attention the meals and gardens of beautiful best of restaurants by surrounded variety staff . ,
price The good was a offer
Avant-garde decoration
after killed the , absolute it very night was the silence that tour noises much there first getting to at room we were . no In and appreciated , , a city
is that included so at my stay put with they all not the opinion , I was . only breakfast in a bad breakfast
is is any not it the of good type without although offer the very , quality The price to service is and adequate . cheap
short we happy , of . In our stay left
Elegant familiar and
the Termini excellent an and arrive the two buses different , walk station from 5 where from minutes trains has just airports of . location , city It the
arrival . upon a champagne of Gift bottle of
The Madrid to , thing close see in . best is everything there is situation your to
with . any help willing staff very , us comfortable Hotel to . comfortable friendly needs is The and always or questions
Senator hotels I chain recommend
are practical mostly The the hotel which than stay more . bilingual the employees in makes
( restaurant also it in with and a a food Chinese board do personal half . of one separate food and breakfast played a carte Mexican friendly day la ( both For a variety attentive I very with can and ) breakfast for dinner has ) another restaurant It was a food in you day buffet
and are clean . The rooms , nice spacious quite
) and salmon the smoked a varied I . day most is in ... of the and with ( herring Helsinki best start Breakfast feast
Good Hotel
than to is difficult from meters , very find choose take less something room there where to valencia something 100 . Being is to the not from
, to is for suitable or all rest priceless fun have . tastes
summer season The and a the the you of in enjoy . the great hotel views is , top from jacuzzi hotel the stunning terrace enjoy can especially as on roof with
in and hotel nice A Paris quiet
. room equipped was The and very spacious well
I liked
me to and was the I . traveled that both I rewarding the to experience family chain my and and the Senator opportunity when so recorded meet were Almeria to my name had name
a Excellent stay great complex , .
, of on intimacy is the door The by to made gives , access you place which bustle and the sun in . access a Calle an corner this the same of not Carmen people avoid on
pretty It clean 's
Andorra in , Hotel , cheap good and Paris Encamp
at Pleasant the Torre stay Catalunya
and businesses Nearby nearby . metro
recommend . us the ten was restaurant to very to the all they , from reception a and the I close , the treated well it everyone bar very , because staff and attentive
and with The attentive very the . friendly customers staff is
for pleasant a access , safe . mini . be I in business in located price . hotel , the It to be walking stayed friends free quality Madrid bar hotel It this have is the service several Hello center to times to of clean staff very and reasons very center Good and . well has and same able
and spa divine this for the activities beach to on , We in the space fun had spent the go hotel days great is recommend with a all super hotel my and book a happy and in the , , I with guys husband the family gym , and few
The was bad not breakfast .
repeat . , to relaxing I bathrobe Although person to Spa go one I was stay has , only the and each will there a it night was very his pleasant
was The and rooms quite hotel quiet had good it .
hotel Good
it dangerous Madrid and have is close a . there Park in foreign is in careful there many of a immigrants be because although town It to , and too you the with there to metro criminals is lot are your suitcases many and quiet not are Warner
expectations tranquility comfort my and I exceed of
the Madrid weekend a avoid within pleasant to with a distance short the for close traffic of to and hotel city . A atmosphere
Nice breakfasts and delicious service ! luxury ,
. Quiet zone
what you pool . terrace its time its to , any the bar wonderful at , take next ... to The great with want armchairs
. We the RER stop Disneyland to because of apartments proximity stay in to , decided just these one
great the recommend I hope it all will I who through city good the people to is go warm very helped be you and
and return recommended , will we good hotel Very
the , is very the , gazebo customers tidy to by the excellent satisfy has Everything , really pool the everything food good !
money value Good for
are the know it of I the going is with , however family us where or that sites For it some the clear that quality relaxation that not are , you price a there , spend and you of couple recommend bad these to was cost days few
liked stereo I and room The the very , neat clean .
back I would go
with charm includes , at variety breakfast very the The service good , , , staff and reception a friendly contracted restaurant .
best if , outside , the one hotel just in is have and a step the . do theaters restaurants door shops via hotel , and not sun entrance subway of near you , square great The the is located main the cinemas from ,
really room with marble a . that found cozy The huge in I standard bathroom first a
careful were problem The quick check-in staff the and and check-out and without treatment very was , of kind of pleasant any
adults and activities this you If various in animation both go hotel plan offers . children the for of
the , extremely of if privileged resolve The the looking you del can towel attentive height that is a doctor that double the , The setbacks looking beach extension a you carmen of playa key almost or hotel . if it because food the . hotel is the A if , above for a of has staff this type porto you , average hotel are of are hotels is type specific in lose
from Everything . an half hour the need center you
day where at , with of roof Madrid the door beds front ideal stop the to lion king central a you of very very after . and metro with in visit in the theater comfortable on relax walking a jacuzzi Madrid a and where the couple can
last it of style . day we very buffet good the variety lot truth that breakfast everything and The had a was , is there included is and is
, and . neighborhood small full it cafes loved I shops the and is of restaurants
the check and it nap also able in LATE appreciated out be . flight since at facilitating much the They is our before attentive the the end afternoon very were of left reception to to
buffet everything simply can you stunning literally , . , find is breakfast The
24h Good area with quiet . reception and and
, shows urban tourism of have a step restaurants , public and without transport You , etc need . to
back be will I
and Cozy central
treatment very and breakfast . was renovated , always , the , rooms the As the superb and spectacular clean was
already have my with this Calle in partner Ancha , , . small hotel located in times been famous on is the León several I which the center of
and comfortable Centric
this very to short complete We . magical if we happy that stayed in the rooms service to reference left the we clean Leeds and and days have spacious , a want it hotel visit , the is to ( we 4 kind return lunch city employees , very , very ) ,
the was There charge . no at closet safe a in
... fountain best The chocolate . the
The family . food is designed everything and excellent fun for is
thinking will , . to , repeat Second , we without we stay if Madrid and return
and room good was cleaned . The bathroom had well a
I offered of spa I the , because Via a start PlayaVip me To , great room views that entrance free a they they gave with with a member will the you was to and Club a tell . terrace Gran of us
recommended like to all served is hotel be . The people who well to
to food hotel of and the beds good enjoyed thanks 4 rested friendliness the and These we owners . have days ,
the station train to . Also
Spacious and comfortable , rooms clean .
I and buffet the was breakfast What liked for . both the most dinner
a class 's Hotel and I ( with to what ) call That repeat
line or go you to destinations a advise where bus to about which and metro The receptionists go line little . the to
it We liked
. of variety as thematic and , all comfort proper around correct we expected hotel , cleaning and the maintenance move to restaurants great
trip Pleasurable
pleasant I knowledge it . cordial that a been , it 4 star with hotel for , a that went I reason hotel clearly is knew it good respectable the has be and would and and the very is service
minutes 20 of hotel The . a couple metro from Cuzco from airport by is the and blocks the taxi
tv satellite flat have rooms safe The . screen the are they and spacious , , , modern is functional , furniture
and are breakfast The rich very , the spacious varied is facilities
. is The Airport Linate near the location
5 foot minutes del ( Puerta and on 7 de 15 about ) is Sol · Plaza about . España
is I the here Europcar of One inside hotel is why office . the the that stayed reasons
offer was savings if a stay on of depends rewarding year that although is and of to interesting there , most an any safe service It that . next and we course the return , , exquisite course will
deal noise nice and , Hardly located . a well
rooms Good . I it recommend
The and the and fine bathroom properly is wifi works is free
size . the room despite The good bed
, the in hotel is fine However . general
the follows design the friendly staff . and are rooms , The , line a modern large comfortable
, very equipped and rooms bright well . are The spacious
a the walked and close . can that and rooms comfort Very to extraordinary cleanliness be
, ratio price the hotel Gandia . meters great . With from about is of quality · the beach 500 is
and to be necessary people very .. kind whatever owners who friendly The happy is are will help in you
a minibar a safe found I and free
. many and eat also It to shops around has restaurants many
. , friendly clean , Central
Very of good center Hotel the in Madrid
senators there go hesitate nou places I , tourist leaves hotel to Barcelona the all if ​​the will back Barcelona znas , to common COMFORTABLE with perfect SUPER public of as to of you bathroom in in , located rooms hotel stay front all hotel another the transport not that next time camp I the
price worse sheets white expected clean the were been hotel , and I and totally it this something to really have new . liked for that because I I
Puerta to has Sol steps to visit Mayor Miguel visit the Madrid and The a , del location you get excellent Mercado San an . can the walking Plaza few from Atocha hotel , , know the de
via all is is , there great of , to the public is donal arteries subway located of of restaurants Mc super Mayor the in Museum minutes the plays taxi variety of madrid rooms is entrance cinemas a , well next very and save main being in . at royal is hotel front transport and to almost and there and in 5 a a one Plaza the at the are The loved the discos is entire there the soundproofed musicals party what cafeteria , great subway palace , , and the by and , the Prado I volvere via stop hotel from halls hand connected bars radio you the
, doubt a would in for . without a conditions recommend , a I the is for it weekend same trip that
in see super with . SPA jacuzzis The is . roof can The impressive conditioned of Madrid well two all which you
relationship 've I Quality . price seen best the
Madrid center
The a 10 , her best , helpful best hotel waitress attentive night of for very at , the and . the the
ubication Good
Sants Easy train access from stops . , to you then and the metro save airport Barcelona by so · 4 the a 3 first taxi or
was . clean room the and friendly was staff My quite
recommended price for its and location strategic Totally
Correct staff
promenade area car It ) so , is of del 4 along the ( star and 10 end the at you of , Avenida in Luna a . Peñíscola the at · is located have Papa the minutes Peñíscola tranquility by 5 beach
The . is free parking
We return will
An to experience repeat
. very for exquisite meals , all the the are clean pleasant that is formidable facilities attentions the and and spectacular tastes extremely
worth truth The booking . is board that it half
and the are two located Pilar , palaces visit Zaragoza from in ideal center ruins to like Roman planning Basilica , you is . hotel , , away if of you The right the del , the steps museums
clean with Simple room but amenities bathroom with enough very
metromover hotel and shops away in vicinity have of You one the many the . street the
company , , helped make environment the the it Everything special comfortable , to and very the hotel so its also . people pleasant and ,
to access Complex Easy the
new above la have they since outdoors the and put you at the The restaurant breakfast exit carte breakfast the . exceeded terrace can of have a expectations a
deal situation Good good , hotel .
with this friendly regard night but staff to of and was a treatment . result and super professional basically It hotel the the magnificent only , of was , for the because a weekend
The what and was stay nice at were . for fulfilled the we hotel really looking
Cozy
España The Plaza to is the hotel perfectly located , metro close .
relaxation best the seeking couples . and services from Recommended . hotel especially the excellent customers for and of to . been hustle bustle of 've away tranquility great city qualities the with available I and
much , . we , good the less expected The too breakfast truth
distance . downtown A distance downtown short from from walking
dinners . feel sofas we in , in and cozy with modern it to green visit take familiar that home has , a watch of TV bathtub that and big did very Apart 's those infinite the of very a reached because very , all luxury like that I , at the gave that important fit those to off hotel seemed I whirlpool me , to enjoyed , felt very want we that restaurant addition relax those areas and in atmosphere the made that views it course not a nice being also from which horizon I beautiful the elegant loved that to
staff than not services did as Italian anything speak more always Very well all ! willing , and cheerful we , as good the ,
in talk lobby a a tour and the offered . also hotel historical free guided They
not to put . this hotel a You can but
use we quite the it , . area not pool nice gym massage and was dates did and Spa large by has but also open very ,
will return we and We it loved
is the basement served , , in . varied Breakfast
location and quiet Good
. recommended everyone recommended Highly , for
staying weekend . and is said at been be that hotel and a for recommendable have We has completely it correct it to this
very the I advise will successful everything and and free Our . has us . · a pepsis that to . decision the cafes super staff city relaxing request seemed repeat and in and hotel . day 4 the certainly . to to it both this the . water miinibar they reception waters choosing spa 2 cleaning of moment infusions upload I and visiting attentive it heater also We when . . the also a helpful needed trying and advise was the after is
from functional . price drinks and rooms Good keep food are machines buy your good minibar `` to to with or hotel self-service '' snacks the everything refrigerated toiletries , there personal , to at a
pool was and , visited elderly people loved the the . a we clean was we hotel This and 20 ​​we very Barcelona the also family of the , , including children for August group children rooftop , and comfortable were useful spa
It view of the also . Vatican a has good
for relax or visit the villages in , surrounding countryside to Ideal those the . wish who
and cordial treatment . pleasant The
five just downtown location of the is excellent from The . Hotel , stations metro
! the on continue ! , right track Successes !
liked I it
free in hotel the center with SPA Small
in Check . · 24h
central Via in is The middle the hotel Gran very . of ,
the . personal we , good very and eating I very the very service , its good calm , good dinners , liked attention with in and did not cozy hotel and was all polite and arrive , breakfasts general attentive
the hotel I like
There staff I the very and all was me amenities premises treated of many well to enjoy able the the .
correct we Everything expected very as
good hotel a time good recommend very the great the my , come to treatment , was I was by experience good family of a it . the food , it good very I very you was very too , , , the should with all had employees
. breakfast buffet offers It
to area and quiet Close Camp Nou
service forget treatments us we accumulated renewed that the masseurs both some enjoyed . us The , , after making daily stress the unbeatable of
. Vía not from and in the , hear , VThe Gran hotel latter and has the the can 168 and floors we rooms soundproof overlooking stayed 11 are anything you outside rooms
we We we of not to been be whole area have the hotel wanted were wrong to this for a central able weekend visit location ​​Madrid the tourist ... at ... and ...
good price at Quality a
you makes friendly reception service comfortable feel The and . is
repeat hesitation would it We without
I , I and 10 location hotel good returned review , to isolation and time my . from price since last visit my acoustic this reiterate to feelings in have
things with . The bathroom beautiful and necessary the
the good cuisine la as metro , in next center , well you food The varied and de reach both and bars minutes fast 20 traditional the as location three 25 stops . very restaurants plaza República near to is could walking ·
room coffee arrived spacious 4 minibar maker , January quite the We free on , with and .
attentive very Very free city great free ( quiet is and commuting noise and non-alcoholic the for ) , , and metro nearby ( drinks friendly around ) staff infusion ) line room ( tray , spa in no coffee the . heard , minibar
. , 4 , was glass is star finally it that bed hotel , , ( perfect building its a good with room complies has , bathrooms since facade is and it brightness television good quite `` the and and is '' obligation Regarding , all not ) the so not too it nice a , the is that soft spacious hard is very
is of experience to repeat and impeccable an . staff attention The . treatment the
Functional
good was , also price so than for for , was and do . quite work quality I better As not everything hesitate went expected
fruits shushi standards tropical exceeds from Breakfast . small offer and to
pleasure gives decorated relax real a room in care the in comfortable It way . true to but spacious arrive with and minimalist
hotel always not an have service The excellent . collapse does
minibar equipped The good is and , free with with room , , . well a spacious bathroom
same relaxation your of in absorb the center want time you and the of hotel ... If the tranquility at but Madrid a spa
can of a with , ! buy lunch for which paragraph pool all from a deserves separate snaks comfort the go drinks to , chairs in Gazebo for or and many you The
) correct classic odds ( sometimes to hotel the Accustomed and is the dirty and this attentive old . with staff at the
. the category hotel
and good service situation Good
were The but complete was delicious very dinners . presented well the and breakfast very also
hotel with services good Nice
the and around but invite long to We all travel in not the time you periods . did pool , farm spend summer to gardens have
in to and the close , well town shops cafes Very located .
Good
this . Do not choose to hesitate hotel
degrees until pick luggage in to the continue bedspread sleep air . go , then later each if and want from street good reception trip we up need , luggage in room , the it 40 for you regulate to your you or conditioning individually you and stay at back can staff Excellent temperature you , house leave to and
. The staff is friendly
spectacular Breakfast and . is buffet it is
a I definitely remember breakfast repeat the lot buffet I that hahaj liked I would
staff . Free friendly access very internet and
recommended very Hotel central and
I . would highlight the restaurant service
very fairly with comfortable and bed and bed articulated and a The King-size an room with water a clean , complimentary , spacious . , extra refrigerator was
if to Camp go Good the you hotel Nou
city hotel in Good general
general room being door the at I in the to able car liked park the .
the comfortable towards treatment us Hotel and appreciated . the are in We is
center practically . is in Milan the of It located
I have an views jacuzzis since coffee on the individual two , alcoholic but I maker safe on ironing with mini it spacious beverages , , and hand visited of free ( rooms the can on the terrace board . no the , good comment ... great , summer , not and , in comfortable beds other SPA staff bar the ) not treatment , outdoor have
. the the and in well connected trip of very Business Good money value center . move city located center for Hotel around to . . Well Madrid
Stay bed a good cozy , and with comfortable noise . , clean no and
and Peñíscola minutes very the is well meters the about historic . beach charming It of 10 from hotel few a from and a , located center
this being hotels the stay the of other and hotel We because chain we . in tried close for had to previously stayed same the center in
visit to in Ideal polygon nearby . companies the
A . hotel located very well city cozy and
the if , , cleaned rest room they floor The were of . , bathroom
. 100 % recommendable
Nice staff
good and staff Very nice . , breakfast
the , well is . / very disdain hotel very is good beautiful , located , I do it is very renovated well general maintained it the building In aspect and facade not
spend . , need few the a days without a very to any family everything with with It and you quiet place is rest noise of
the Reception attention at Good .
for , very flat , and they TV , , etc , room a minibar soundproof of water ) with perfectly free and The 2 ( complete ironing bottles milk 4 SPA newly mini-stereo ... , customer tea conditioned of also us bags Pepsi capsules 2 iron coffee gave , . , tickets The board being and with and , repeat
those relaxed family is a during completely hotel We days lot . , it a
and always something What are ... said where highlight , attention to this incredible I kindness . in chain
welcome the reception . at Friendly
of this . are , We they we are happy a chain of clients us cava with and receive always very bottle
of the in a situation hotel Madrid heart privileged . A with
traveling a for as concerned , adequate size as its far rooms the As is couple . are
occupied the a Campanile of were and of perfectly delight From was the one bells the audible Duomo the Dome visible I : . the ,
attentive advice us shows well , and recommended . tickets Reception very , ) gave directions all staff several very to ,
the ideal hotel is good as situation . get the point around a quality is and to four-star city starting the a The for in city
A near , and bus well Nou metro . the but hotel Camp by connected good
is not it . bad general In
, for Barcelona I because `` better case known for who think in to good bad periodically great but are than we goes this know work of go reference to bad saying to in at that those '' have hotel all the . this nothing
Modern roads
The SPA for 2 . conditioned repeat tickets and also , being complete , a very us client , gave newly
adults than of . as visited more have the beds for family enough hotels two 1'35 we as is beach children well The as and room you two two have
. it good has been stay In a everything else
Modern of in heart the the accommodation city
I recommend it
Good and central hotel
A price quality good · option
center Madrid in Fantastic hotel the of
quite with My hotel to I , . able satisfactory at was was and of the Madrid my the the rest we city Hotel partner at Praga and stay were enjoy
5 minutes everything Central from and hotel
night are as nap rooms experience , great with you seeing People is clean clear all I least the times returned you him delighted as more attentive very kinds cleanliness bed if and the a we anything newly visited and good breakfast worth when is buffet more many cafes , the and . on again it at excellent would much even as unforgettable with , the the We once my life small very was slept details there you like out and being in was many rooms the It made only husband without that decoration the pillow I it missing need comes would staff of were fruits an is advise as and since , as was at I the his hotel
are , quite it . are The liked breakfasts and I spacious varied and the comfortable rooms
the a . Under price there speaks hotel the an staff at good restaurant where interesting English is
. hotel bathroom , the and modern in cozy The both and the in room is
situation . price Good good and
but Encamp tracks in of Well , of . village the located middle the near
return will surely I
a do you but it Upon to we . not champagne take invited glass are of entering
which appreciated . is , It no has animation
fun okay well bars stop go have pubs , there to restaurants to I 's think and it as many , are with atmosphere and friends . it
the the many in hotel the the through door and tapas to of subway , , a plus the madrid plaza etc bars of the mayor place restaurants any in and visit has the . door perfect to a sun area center the in walk hotel is of ,
clean can there attentive and you , everything entire From very center . walking Madrid the of access staff
staying they hotels ! short people of hotel since at in stayed is deckchairs the and , pool has amount Olympic-sized other always is good , to which I supply The very are cover the at , and
so do Senator is to tapas ¡¡ Madrid a 21 , of of and this : center can , , plan to ideal to city by car because choice the weekend 're Via whenever having hesitate show getaway . a to Gran go take hotel shopping we the power the not you , hand Madrid love I see clear to the everything our going around family and it without My that , We move the situation is catches to of family we , the
back would I go !
center the at Stop
like back to would go We
Gratifying
hotel the It shops a with , many de and España to close Plaza well located is nearby , . bars
hotel services good Central with
of . A classic Madrid
hotel the . in There entire is wifi
games for permanent , activities good and It with with . very go children is a to family and kindergarten sector entertaining with a hotel good
. been several times I here have
is , hotel everything this that Florence I accessible have to in station to close to tourist located on well . is say foot and attractions train all the Although close
time not , a of arrive losing example you at hotel you , a.m. Dubai arrive stay if for lot when for The perfect 3 . to is in
what shoes , 20 Beach the with and facilities . covers , with a : wearing good I on . location the on ... already center , be the had quiet children with Good recommend min , stones beach water very buffet we bit shore from careful
cost you without playing and additional Play the also They any room from also some . time . have you want that spend can in DVD if movies rent to Station
the a mosque made of me hall at It curious . there end that was the
all a the , prepared the of the food , for attention great excellent people varied well always tastes is time beach We had and service . , the
of of metro walking the walk emblematic and stations places .. the bus You within various Rome are Hotel and to distance can the
! I place think where a it going back So of 's
deserves spaciousness are , remarkable cleanliness the hotel comfort rooms . The the has the it of stars the , and the
all sea to being buffet superbly very , , orientation , room chose and and views , all Fernando from very The way the sun staff Duque to we in especially close friendly attention departments which centers Omar with and with , South promenade del . hotel the located for in dinners Playas good , restaurant shopping in attentive every day a in next apart , , , we terrace Friendly and had
reception help the at very to staff guest and attention the the The willing friendly is excellent , was .
. great Quite relaxing enjoyable totally food recommended , , and
for . of the SPA Especially surprise the
If Bus and hundred the with stop fifty can Tourist use prefer meters a . you at one you
this are to those looking I all in Excellent center Madrid who to . service the general stay hotel of recommend in
where overlooked night a at . by terrace with far barbecues had great sea the Our huge of coast the a was it view the and and apartment
new were never . because was that things the tire to you try buffet The and ones varied always there
deal hour great You downtown in get Madrid a an from this . hotel half fantastic just
bustle and hustle outside you interior it the from . very nice of hotel The is separates and the
family of the the at the day The entertain shows end .
and , . Rest service food mb
Good hotel
well located quick It Rome a to . that the hotel is is metro with very , access
station a , few to . is airport , location from for perfect meters access the Its the quick train
a a to hotel As it is . good , Madrid visit conclusion
staff caravan arrived of the good helped attention the us they when even We campsite we place , . appreciate the the to of
best pool . very the good rooms are and The beach area ,
( stain some . the ) Good cleaning carpet had although
a pass comfortable spa was and we room were the the enjoyed family to The lot very and . a invited in that spacious children
I ! it recommend
return We will . surely
in stay staff , . in Munich you ready one the , , when advice of speak the Spanish reception the giving to very friendly help your like are restaurant about always and Many they
It classic preserved and well is .
plus a I were been than expected had to in and seemed campsite a bungalow better . in I we general , it never
next the is supermarket nearby a to hotel outputs the valley to the Chianti . Also are and
and well very Exceptional , soundproofed , the service complete room . very comfortable
close well to Very everything located
truth enough Although the . was good
, hotel , The is comfortable functional . modern
will , return . I no doubt
some with comfortable and . , cooking is . varied The phenomenal and room The pleasant very buffet is live dining
go In ) Center the which stop . it subway ( addition suited , World well is , very Emirates fairground Trade to close in to to the us
comfort Tranquility and
highlighting of and stay problems . solve may hotel to availability their pleasant A arise staff treatment very the that
breakfast 7.5 for A .
of ; service excellent . quality Good rooms
well and clean . decorated very All
Break
Madrid in central hotel A
Friendly staff
like that at choose 7 it back staff recommend , Punta days thank this the they hotel , went attention kings , made We for us I feel I ... definitely I I , and were times to Cana all if the wonderful would all received were
walked , cinemas everywhere Mayor , , Neptune is , Sol close Cibeles I shops . of deputies to , theaters , all and museums Plaza Congress
parda door just ( over we customers for just , discount full public behind a You just next ) € . also 20 and with subway parking day cost a have
back have the consider I in especially . best and for stayed thinking food this would without one go the I hotel of
very relax middle . of where hotel and A in can Tuscany correct you the
Second getting and better stay ...
. only the this and consider Seville go the , of to opportunity I is times course I hotel that several hotel had it in have to
. terrace a luxurious , perfect Quiet and with
meters , from with . station situation the Ideal rank taxi at 50 Sants door
rooms details and that towels they were The were with beautiful quiet . always the had super
hotel for getaways An ideal . urban
Centric and comfortable
. pretty Spa good The is
it at is Vía , price the try to and . Madrid Gran luxury good the a also truth de The least in that is
theater below there it recommend They just monologues were where do they , because but when full a in have we was booking advance . I
