! place Beautiful
Very breakfast with perfect of staff lots friendly and . variety buffet
has attention The been . magnificent
vacations excellence A ! our of place for
good bathroom the incredible amenities very is . , and bathroom The are
you very much Thank
, its Incredible location its for and . facilities
... Really unremarkable ..
Very visiting the is close for area . Dordogne the perfect and to Sarlat Valley
has occasion done used were this . excellent On have not ratio quality but in we and the surprised by cafeteria · the been restaurant price the service breakfast hotel we
Excellent ! option
quality / price Very good
Very The '' `` located the King musical . see Lion well to
. The kind very the reception at people ,
hotel Superb in Valencia
. All wonderful
Very good stay
beautiful super facilities comfortable The very is with ! Hotel careful park , an and amazing , exceptional
very and a is the if . go It decoration especially relaxing hotel spectacular is spa the very large which you to
hotel good Very
have visit to him they Formidable ,
. rooms are good very The
hotel my The of dreams
location Unbeatable
exquisite is food . The
comfortable The . also mattress was super
with Excellence alternatives
, we this the unbeatable at location Madrid stayed hotel Whenever . we is travel to
them about desk at tourist . were information The friendly when people the very front consulted I
Excellent point starting to visit Barcelona
perfect · price Excellent . quality
center hotel luxury , a Madrileña the The Gran charming of , in . Vía
I of lot Fun had a
treatment The . of the good be will was also repeating.The room breakfast the well staff buffet and , very great.We very
of the very are The hotel outskirts good views of . beach the
recommended Highly
price good relationship Quality very ·
clean staff ... , reception rooms Everything spa and the treated 10 very the . a The
This hotel hooks
vacations to : ! best thing 've The say had ever I one I have just
it SPECTACULAR Breakfast define to how , . ,
it much very We . enjoyed
. breakfast I The , loved and super varied delicious
the hotel at good level . very is , Breakfast
its , location very to facilities is very , , careful from Everything . its
. spent this We days a in Madrid hotel few in wonderful
treatment hotel the the , very Excellent good is and
impeccable an It cleanliness has .
its about location . The facilitates ​​Gran shopping best theaters Vía and this thing the which to best of , hotel in area access , greatly is restaurants
! wonderful Something
during as I was treated . rated the week me well stay , they there my very excellent I
complete the of rooms equipment . The super
hotel A dream
comfortable Very
magnificent the staff and Finally attention the . reception is at of
year one the improvements next have that made from with been . the Impressed to
Huge surprise
both `` variety breakfast the for is top the of , and The on views spectacular the '' it floor .
Amazing .
very . good repaired The car were was until taken we car . insurance , hotel this paid everything perfectly for care our they of
staff beach The the and , . service were the gastronomy , excellent the facilities
spend the to holidays In short . place excenete an
am check . out since very of occasions in client Check fast other I and a ,
correct very buffet The . breakfast
We it and are with chain very happy already knew this we .
. loved seeing I all that
happy We at hotel very the were
, . November excellent in travel We vacations
great is SPA The .
it were was perfect and . friends We all 3
Very the Arena the close American to Airlines and . Bayside
it perfect is ideal been couple with . , everything Enjoying has the
were , were children families Mostly and there well what we staying they . the very for
very a It is . also hotel modern
as , It very was that the service , experience since were is with not was facilities in time also nights I very very spend very , the the satisfied , I service good I it but good , two I . a apart good truth much said did was only from the
entered The . as it was fantastic decoration we we , soon thought as ,
to We ! love return would
Great
the , on was Via Gran room . despite And very being quiet
! it is absolutely recommendable In , general
. all very friendly The times has staff been at
location , Pisa Tuscany 30Km close in ( very . to ) Unbeatable
The very the ... Thanks gutters and and people nice had on walk a the ... we saw ... What we driving very a deep the nice and streets but everything on . ... narrow is very with is streets ... sides driving for are island setback time
perfect Simply
The close very good very metro . tram location lines the has is and several it since
if say to to hotel is location . the the you of , area theater ideal go the Needless
year return will safely next . We
visit base to Perfect Tuscany camp
High apartments quality
treatment the Last 1st this was perfect are . in and rooms especially of its , the staff director hotel March , the better I
Great vacations
! choice Excellent travel
sure We return for will !
Fantastic
charm Royal
. hotel is a wonderful well located very clean very , It and
great attentive with a facilities for , service are above and all vocation . and correct staff the Excellent very
relaxation of vacation An incredible
the perfect had It . location
The is situation and very good communications excellent .
good services reception with hotel and very A
and we food the , service was the spectacular This hotel stay . really liked the gave they
is The cleanliness . excellent
that the of truth staff treatment is delighted the The were . we with
deal The . excellent and remembered more was than staff the us
good friendly was very very and , very . clean All breakfast
hotel perfect A
good workers terms general in , everything In of . very is
Very central
The impressive as always . buffet
and attention Perfect service
for weekend ideal . and is hotel for The , a work
this hotel situation in have We I the your because repeated stay love
good resort Very
in Excellent all . aspects
. rating The girl remains good for a Very this Hotel
Excellent hotel
Highly the accommodation recommended in Dordogne
breakfast this , hotels , best 've the . think of all is without I been I doubt the to a
hotel best are . give The truth that this the the of and in they best is prices the great
perfect A stay
Madrid the place In best in
Perfect
are The the . views terrace from impressive
beautiful , place A everything perfect
. the decoration The blankets and of bed , sheets handsome very
staff nice The also was very .
hotel Perfect in Madrid
, as the of chain . the line always , Excellent in
to There very close also hotel a the . CVS is
hotel best Madrid in The
Great !
is of in Madrid perfectly It located the . center
paradise hotel paradise in Dream itself a ,
any ( recreation It . source vacations etc is , type ) recommended , highly travel for business , of
. of Breakfast rest the great day the buffet
Great comfort
for trip Fully pleasure recommended
days have and The the been relax good during been allowed , fun , us it work have . we experience very three to has even
good vacation Very
accommodating Very
house decoration and a with modern decoration old , high . and of with The very which contrast creating functional cozy is the ceilings very is
is excellent ! The service
. Very recommended
went first breakfast morning By great mistake they late the we and treated down the in cafeteria us for .
I 100 it % have in recommend to I Cana different Punta 5 and . hotels been
such I is The day stayed hotel to work went at Barcelona one . this hotel , as . for very good and
is The hotel great .
to good good in price usually ( compared and very especially central , the The not . condition is ) such hotels
with an . Hotel exceptional location
loved it We
stay Excellent
breakfast . of The quality good the is very
beds the very comfortable very spacious . rooms have and The bathroom is
of amp . ; . quality breakfast An and The great quantity B B excellent ; & amp
. friendly staff very The
, in Excellent beach attention , the every food . , , facilities way
have quality-price been hotel ratio 's . satisfied We with very the
points will It pass 10 .
I like . hotel the
very is . staff The and the nice spa great
friendly . was the All super staff
if I Personally rugs the a work do round it the love Spa and . hard day is to day and is after of possible the
. central Very
, Quality and , attention excellent services .
happy In been summary have . we very
hotel % everyone to this 100 recommend . I
All perfect .
very natural pastries breakfast of complete . variety service and a , juices The with
well room The we to . problems very without a superior staff had and in a room , leak moved us the they
Great location perfect
metro is the to hotel The connected well very .
! A 10
very hotel clean is whole very . is block The a occupies , and large everything
de Arc , close Parc Triomf Very to the del Estació the the also la Nord Ciutadella and de .
to is ! none It second
good very
holidays for best the Excellent hotel
hotel A from check-in check-in to . lovely
location Perfect !
superb shows in of is . Kenya of The night work the front
option good Very
. incredible Simplente
location establishment offers magnificent the is It tourist . interest visit a that to an of places
been apartments pleased with stay very these in We have . our
and exceptional serve you with very they well waiters super The and great friendly are affection . ,
times friendly staff all The was . hotel at very
Hotel the Balneario has been spectacular . Las least Resort Arenas at Our the stay
! you Thank
quality competitive price / . prices Hotel with very ratio
was hotel good the attention very worry you stay and in cleanliness . , very the good that , are , feel The make really always you calm
we 4 . had days Anyway , great
excellent Really
. The center excellent for Madrid of the hotel around is location of getting the
and restaurant staff friendly in reception at Very the . both ,
very . charm rooms , were heating the and The worked clean a like
Excellent
recommendable good completely hotel . , Very
way COMFORTABLE the . By
, know better The is views great with pool I any not and do .
fascinated Really been , luxury , . total have we a
. Great
hotel Very . very good rooms , comfortable
Hotel Genial
in Perfect hotel Barcelona
in located well Madrid Very
5 5 would . out stars it I give of
Very everything good
this Mequines hotel had ) the places we with brand the other Ibis in whose . Upon experiences past of already location 3 star ( loved the seal we had , at pleasant in arriving
this at hotel stay Excellent
is highly . hotel The recommended
attention Excellent
incredible absolute I you before work can calm . I days returning real that hard tell to spent of some
Lloret the . very located is a La hotel of it Ramla Plaza good option The the sense that in block Cataluña from well in is first
I loved it .
It is authentic a . lovely very campsite and , natural
It our expectations exceeded .
Excellent .
really hotel liked . in We Valencia this
this were great Again we . hotel at
very good . quality relation The is price
good Very
and I without hesitation repeat summary priced very . will In , modern very well
excellent . for you and your congratulate service all I thank you
nestled well Hotel very
Excellent atmosphere
absolutely recommended . All
an to of but it stayed close is whenever football because . go this is The clientele foreigners , Camp Nou varied ideal makes to place a lot to it is very we there have
The the excellent of staff all . attention
beautiful great . location is setting , a The
Excellent weekend
in . the of lot A variety bakery
luxury very A affordable .
happy service is very facilities am and . The I with complete the very
Greetings not has has know I hotels one very it is are , and assure 've good very . is what if I good the it to , been all hotels it very of best that like you 's do other there there , been go to I best been but there It see .. , ,
with place Excellent rest . family to
great they ! ! are
recommended Highly
highlight perfect , which also of is location And . hotel the the
had a great We . time
is very friendly staff . The
views are great The and very the are facilities good .
that truth this and the at hotel it very was I an I partner offer satisfied year for was my , with ; a with treatment the . I facilities is the and took ago The environment
excellent staff !
pretty Very
room was large the . huge very bathroom and The
hotel Fantastic
is , very of widening the hotel side located on the well left The .
all , a than to hotel city this more . With recommended this visit
attentive very very A stay , pleasant
and . well very restaurant The they very bar menus are are · priced good
I loved
. hotel , six a stars deserves palladium five-star the More than
restart to Perfect
. no repeat doubt to
attentive Very
The hotel very is good .
wife days , Grondaie room and and pleasure the with We in . Borgo left Tuscany and 4 I spent we my
Totally recommended .
at , had I 5 . hotel for and aspect the I is literally that because from excellent an went IFEMA IFEMA event minutes
Highly , recommended , by . treatment rooms location
. city know Ideal to the
the terrace beautiful has views Madrid It . of from
· unbeatable price . relationship Quality
Barça Ideal to see
the center is with excellent . The communication
hotel lovely A
good is quality relation . a There price
about hotel Spa thing . best was the the The
A environment privileged
. the great is rooms decoration The of
, recommendable ! excellent Super
Excellent service
piece Hotel
price unbeatable quality The · relationship . is
. 100 % recommendable
recreation meals location to is especially . around perfect move , center , the , it shopping the
stay family good Very
great A hotel
its attractiveness hotel One most things . of , charm is about this important spectacular the that and design it has
Very room . chocolates in the original
of Gorda Cabeza opinion The , the Arena than and . beach beach my de excellent Toro better in
staff , very Very friendly
of the choice Andorra . for an in excellent been part Kings hotel This our on bridge has
. an they that beach vacation truth been have unforgettable The is
care the of very All are taken well details .
breakfast so , you . trips take Great strength for
love this , hotel Radisson love I I
The in a have if magic story wonderful quality a the in like a return would without I the my have the up after staff . food felt views words I . like I occasion I of and couple princess picked kilos superior had stay
vacations Excellent
walking 4 , within Excellent situation center you to radius the a gastronomic If , 5 commercial can of are you around km , walk . and cultural
for more can . not ask You
the and beds great SPA . comfortable very , are The with pool
excellent go recommended Highly with to a , partner
is . staff welcoming treatment The very and exquisite the of
the is . quality The the and drink food excellent of
. ever 've I best buffet was the It seen
day rest Perfect a after of to work
very the comfortable the of very and The rooms detail . Nordic clean
of the to hotel The very good respect with beach . situation the
staff The hotel . of the treatment EXCELLENT
the the . the beach and , beach especially great pool
perfect All
I everything loved !
this combined the We the we hotel a going vacation really back beach and to , to . lot liked going
option Excellent Couple in Intimate time for
is the tapas . on can the one eat restaurants especially loved and I that you beachfront where the
. Charming located well hotel and very
around huge town at movies pool the , and We ! pool night , the , walks in the watched took ! a morning at
Very rest . to suitable
well saved Very
hotel or is shopping . for , The ideal the around sightseeing very located well city
the it were beginning was an in . at I incredible and and vacation of September family My VellMari
! Perfect
with , past gorgeous . leaving the just The hotel hall , that capable of has front is door the alone huge you ostentatious
Excellent stay
situation good Very
Very good hotel
The size . bed room king a had double
are . dining bathroom a They 2 rooms , kitchen with a apartments fully , equipped and room a
is . magnificent hotel The
get to to Madrid know Excellent location
has In , ! dream like few a it words been a living
happy Very
an we , good Very had service amazing time .
very An disposition good , service everyone impeccable .
spacious are the apartments us , site very impressed since . The
and Generally service very excellent welcoming
has . This in as biggest heart the , advantage Madrid excellent its of location Hotel its
great We were again
attentions ! the team Very fun animation by
Spectacular and and attention service hotel
the very very and friendly and attentive clean staff very . Everything
There a price good relation quality is
Perfect hotel
... excellent . magnificent ! was place ! ... a with ! a ! ! ! attention unique It ! ! ... ! ! stay in an
Very good hotel
. Sirenis it excellent wife my traveled an vacation this past and to has Tropical been I with November
. very breakfast good The
. rest to place Great
centers and leisure located . near shopping areas it I this is because well many hotel very liked
paradise An unforgettable
Fantastic !
Excellent location
in The fantastic . is hotel general
entertainment attention , , food , , service . facilities in excellent general
is the truth that I hotel much The expected better . than
Madrid best in location The
beds The super , comfortable ! the shower and great
from , can its of views be help not spectacular the offered outside But the terrace the the design facade glass characterized , . rooms on but by , by from we both hotel and surprised the the elevators
very On the . inside beautiful is it
is very varied and attention of delicious hotel the and is the noting it food very to because Also is it location the worth . staff beach is all very , great the close the the that of good
Playasenator entire the . Fully chain like , recommended
The everything pool , . , general beach the , service and in rooms excellent is the the
quiet . A a ​​Madrid hotel very in area located of
very , been beach incredible experience the Arenas of at good , Las treatment , unforgettable . stay the has an hotel views a the Undoubtedly
Great for the value price
Our was Hotel at stay pleasant Palafox . very
very The amazing is the and . comfortable place rooms
Beautiful vacations !
In very train , . is the station to close it addition
hotel great It . is a
beautiful the very food service Impeccable , ... , is hotel good
repeat unbeatable the , location . I
An exemplary service
hotel Wonderful
Hotel location Magnificent and
the Perfect know to city
. The is treatment unbeatable
is for Also , incredible very good children for . them an service a site
