Great value of this hotel is undoubtedly its location , next to the Dam Square , the Anne Frank House , 10min walk from the central station . 
The clientele is UNK , but it 's UNK . 
The UNK is very large but UNK organized . 
Located in the center of Madrid , 5 minutes walk from the Puerta del Sol and in the middle of Gran Vía . 
Good views and natural lighting . 
As a personal detail , I 'm UNK about the breakfasts at the hotel , they make the most UNK and UNK croissants I 've ever tasted . 
Very UNK , silence is respected outside of entertainment hours . 
The hotel as all of the chain is enabled for the UNK . 
A UNK hotel , at the height of a four star hotel UNK in the center of Madrid . 
I UNK it UNK 
It also has taxis at the door . 
A UNK hotel with all the amenities 
Excellent hotel at UNK prices 
The experience was very UNK , we UNK a UNK room , with everything necessary for a hotel of this category . 
I will return without a UNK , to see if I take off that thorn . 
We UNK this hotel , its location , its rooms , its staff ( always so UNK and UNK ) . 
At night the hotel has a 24 hour reception and blocks the access door to this giving you the security that only hotel guests have access to , I liked that . 
Good deal . 
They make you feel at home . 
The fridge is UNK , the pillows very UNK and the mattress also . 
From my terrace you could see the pool , UNK views . 
The rooms are very complete and have UNK UNK , minibar , iron service etc ... 
We had 5 very UNK days , the breakfast was varied and UNK , very close to the subway station and the Camp Nou . 
The hotel is located in the center of Florence and close to the central station of Florence , so the situation is ideal , it is 30 seconds walk from the duomo . 
It is a UNK place , with UNK rooms , very UNK lit , with UNK views and even UNK staff . 
The rooms and the normal bathroom and with all the comforts . 
The hotel is very central , UNK on Madrid 's Gran Vía , with access on foot to the most UNK corners of Madrid . 
The common spaces are UNK mentioning , as in all beach hotels . 
Good option next to the new area of ​​Valencia . 
We traveled for the first time to Dominican Republic together with my wife and our 3 children of 27 , 25 and 21 years old , we can say that it was a UNK vacation , all very UNK and of quality , highly UNK restaurants with typical foods . 
The Gran Bahia Principe Ambar , is a hotel that is UNK visiting , for the place where it is located , with a UNK beach , some UNK bars , a very kind and UNK staff , UNK food , UNK restaurants , a place to UNK it . 
Without a UNK it is something to repeat 
It is a place I would return with UNK with all my family and / or friends . 
Good quality / price 
Very UNK hotel facilities , at the height of a resort ! 
a UNK place , UNK . UNK attention · I rescue the service , as UNK as the UNK of its people and the UNK natural environment . We will never forget this trip . I rescue the place , the beach . the UNK of food and the quality . There is always a greeting and UNK vibes from very early on when crossing with the staff . the size of the rooms is UNK . we really liked the spa , it 's a very familiar place and to rest 
Hotel located in the area of ​​new development near the city of arts and sciences . 
Natural juice freshly squeezed , stirred , bacon , etc ... all UNK . 
The wardrobe is large and has a UNK UNK and iron . 
The UNK thing about this hotel is its location , UNK , in the UNK area of ​​Gran Vía , next to the main theaters of Gran Vía , with access to the main visits in Madrid . 
It 's UNK UNK to spend the holidays the truth . 
The house is an old renovated mill , surrounded by greenery and away from any UNK in the middle of nature . 
They had with us the detail of a bottle of champagne ... . they continue to take care of the details in this chain . 
The TV is large and has many channels . 
I was in March of 2004 , in March of 2006 and in March of 2010 but one of them could not find it ... it does not matter , because they gave me my white repeater bracelet . 
Comfortable 
Modern and UNK bathroom , with shower . 
We went to the Musical del Rey Leon , the theater is in front of the hotel . 
Pretty UNK for how they painted it 
In short , a UNK stay in this hotel , an UNK base of operations to visit Barcelona at Christmas ( or the rest of the year ) and passing Barca , if you like football . 
The very UNK appliances and furniture also and we UNK it because it came with kitchen included and we had greater UNK when buying . 
Very UNK and UNK 
The truth is that the hotel was quite UNK , since the beds were UNK , and in a city like Rome the hotel is used only for sleeping . 
Stands out for its UNK to the guest , from the reception , to the bar · restaurant , through its UNK rooms , the pool on the UNK floor or its UNK SPA make you have an UNK stay . 
Having several cafes , confectioneries , several videogame stores , feeding two bakeries and something else that escapes my mind . 
This allows to have less UNK coming from the street . 
My experience in this hotel was very UNK , the treatment very UNK , the breakfast included ( UNK ) very UNK everything . 
Good hotel and spa 
It includes a living room , a large bathroom and a very large room . 
recommendable 
Well , that 's UNK in the center of Madrid , in the middle of its main thoroughfare ( Gran Via ) for all those people who seek to enter the hustle and bustle , the neon lights , the shops at any time and then return to relax in a Hotel that meets everything one can expect at a UNK price and quality . 
Rooms UNK and UNK . 
Like the previous time , he did not UNK us in anything . 
The spas are the UNK of the hotel , without forgetting the room service . 
It has been UNK to be able to sleep UNK in August , and discover an oasis of UNK in the center of Catalonia . 
Good city hotel 
If I go back to Rome , I will stay at this hotel and if someone asks me , I will UNK it . 
The spring is UNK , ideal for hiking , walks on the farm and the area ( for example : the UNK garden of lilies ) . 
The hotel has very UNK facilities including swimming pool on the UNK floor , newly built , UNK maintained and very UNK . 
Great Hotel in the center of Madrid 
It was animated with ambientillo skier but without burdens . 
The pool is discovered . 
Details that make you come back 
Me4 has liked the hotel a lot , the UNK it has after a long day of UNK and use the & lt ; SPA I UNK a relaxing massage dinner and sleep that tomorrow is working ... . 
Good value for money 
They are the UNK example of UNK tourism ; Respectful and UNK into the UNK nature of the environment , at the same time UNK , UNK and very welcoming . 
Super UNK and UNK rooms . 
At first I want to say that when I went it was to forget , but it made me see things differently , I felt UNK and at the same time UNK , it was a few days of attention and above all pampering that was offered to me non-stop 
Good choice 
Although I live in Barcelona , ​​last July I wanted to spend a few days relaxing at the Senator Barcelona Spa Hotel , and it really was a UNK choice . 
The hotel is 3 stars , the rooms are UNK , UNK and UNK . 
the hotel is UNK located and communicated both by road and by urban means of transport , the service and UNK is UNK . It is a hotel that I UNK to everyone that goes to Madrid and with a UNK price . 
The hotel UNK , the rooms UNK , zero UNK ( UNK ) despite the UNK vegetation . 
Perfect for the stay in Rome , near the Termini station , with all the possibilities that it offers , UNK breakfast and very UNK people , highly UNK ! ! 
The breakfast is very UNK , very complete , it has everything . 
Quality / price you can not ask for more . 
The UNK UNK apartments with a very UNK decoration , you feel at home . 
We traveled a week with the family ( children of 3 and 5 years old ) . They were vacation to rest and UNK . 
The minibar with water and pepsicolas and coffee and tea were included . 
And of Tuscany ... UNK that you see it ... and besides the UNK one that is Florence and Siena ... getting UNK in their villages .. 
It is a place where we can UNK to spend a few days of UNK and UNK . · 
Hotel very UNK located to know Madrid . 
We were very UNK because everything is UNK and very UNK . 
Free minibar 
Good value for money . 
They are UNK apartments , and UNK stay in general . I stayed in the omm 2 nights at the weekend . 
The hotel is quite close to downtown , in the Clarence Dock neighborhood ( very close to the river ) . 
And to UNK off a UNK dinner . 
The infrastructure is simply UNK , it seems that you were inside a small and UNK town , it has a small square where from 6 in the evening it is full of life with its shows of varied music and night shows like plays . 
With wooden floor in the room . 
It is one of the most UNK hotels I 've been in , all green with UNK gardens . 
The UNK pool with bar included , the beach very extensive .. and UNK 
I have read other reviews , and unlike the other comments for me the treatment was UNK and UNK , I do not expect to become friends with the reciter . 
Highlight how UNK the room is , and that it has a radio / cd , mini-bar FREE ( without alcoholic beverages ) and the possibility to prepare coffee or tea in your room for FREE . 
I UNK it 
The attention has been quality and the hotel restaurant serves a very UNK meal . 
We UNK it to our friends and one of them is already traveling . 
The beach is less than 1 minute walk away , and the main street where there are shops , restaurants , pubs and nightclubs is also next door . 
The rooms are very UNK , the services and customer service are of the highest quality , very UNK when it comes to serving if something is missing or we need something , UNK reception , finally like at home ! 
It is UNK passing to relax . 
They also pick up your phone at any time if you call from the room to the reception and they treat you with UNK UNK , knowing how to be and with education . 
Good experience 
The rooms are large with UNK bed and big bathroom . 
It is next to a shopping center with supermarket , shops , bakeries , ... 
Unbeatable location ; We have gone on foot to all the places we wanted to visit from the Plaza de España to the Retiro Park . 
It is located UNK next to the train station , and in front of a UNK shopping center , to go to the cinema in moments of relaxation after having toured the UNK city . 
They are very UNK apartments and very UNK cared for , I went for my own reasons but it is UNK for business trips and to spend some relaxing days in Madrid . UNK services and very UNK all 
Cheap option for Las Vegas 
It is the second time that we stayed in it because of its proximity to the bird station and the city of arts and sciences . 
A place ( APARTMENT ) UNK to spend a few days , UNK location , UNK and UNK . 
It is a new hotel , everything is very UNK and maintained . 
The SPA is not UNK and if you have the vip senator , you have UNK access once , courtesy of the hotel 
Hotel UNK and careful . 
We went to the Spa , courtesy of the hotel , and UNK a UNK morning , after a long day kicking Barcelona . 
On the other hand the girl at the reception was extremely UNK and UNK . 
Well-equipped hotel , with UNK Spa . 
Reverve the hotel palladium punta cana and I do not UNK it , I have had a UNK holiday , the reception staff is very professional , they looked after me very UNK , the food of the restaurants is very UNK , the animation entertained , the guys in the bars are very UNK 
I UNK it to everybody . 
Recommendable . 
The food presents a lot of UNK and has some theme restaurants besides the buffet . 
The service and the food are UNK in general . 
It has a UNK out terrace , which makes you forget you 're in a big city . 
The hotel is quite UNK , we were treated UNK and we were given to choose which room we wanted from the ones that were UNK and it was quite UNK . 
Continue with the details such as UNK minibar , coffee service in the room , invitation to the spa for being a UNK customer . 
It is a 5 star hotel that has all kinds of facilities for the whole family . 
We were in a sea view room ... getting up every day and seeing the sea for me is UNK . 
It has a Disney bus stop at the door of the hotel and is UNK . 
hotel highly UNK to visit madrid located in the center of madrid in the UNK UNK via , place by leisure UNK in madrid you can find theaters , cinemas , restaurants , brares etc.las hotel rooms are very UNK UNK bathroom , UNK minibar , and large beds , I am a regular customer of this hotel and I will vovere whenever I can 
The toilets are shared men and women but everything behind closed doors , even the individual toilets . 
The hotel is very UNK and is located in a UNK area of ​​coconut trees on the beach of Uvero Alto . 
Hotel near the AVE station , in half an hour walk you are in the Maria Luisa Park / Plaza de España or the Cathedral . 
The UNK spa 
Friendly and UNK staff , UNK to help . Many details in the room ( coffee maker , minibar , etc . ) . 
It is located in the Gran Vía , from the outside are the typical high buildings with normal apartments , but when going up we were surprised to find this hostel so UNK ! 
Be UNK 
Elegance 
It is also quite close to the center . 
It 's UNK going to this hotel 
Would stay again in future visits to the city of the leaning tower . 
The facilities are very UNK , there is practically everything in the hotel , spa , swimming pools , leisure area with billiards , table football , games for children , bar , orchestra , dance , hairdressing ... . The bathroom was as big as the room with a jacuzzi on the UNK , a dressing room and the bed of almost three meters , with a terrace ... very UNK . 
Located in the heart of the city , it is my choice whenever I travel to Madrid . 
It has quite cheaper prices on its website , than what we have seen advertised in booking pages with very complete offers of ski courses , ski passes and Caldea spa . 
We will repeat if we can .. Very UNK deal . 
Quiet area and UNK connected , many services and amenities , UNK personal service , UNK rooms with Wifi , UNK minibar , coffee maker etc ... 
Very UNK cleaning , and UNK breakfast . 
Full weekend 
My family and I UNK the city of Madrid , the power to go shopping , to tapas , to see a show , and the situation of this hotel is ideal to move around the center of Madrid without having to take the car because everything it catches you by hand , so that whenever we can plan a weekend family getaway we do not hesitate , our choice is UNK : We 're going to the Senator Gran Via 21 ¡¡ . 
highly UNK , during the day I visited several of the destinations near the hotel and in the nights I found several places to go out ... the facilities are very UNK 
The UNK soundproof room , with UNK minibar ( 4 bottles of water and 2 of Pepsi ) , flat TV , mini-stereo , iron and ironing board , coffee and tea bags with milk capsules , etc ... 
Few children . 
It is located less than one block from the subway , 10 minutes walking to the Trevi fountain and 15 minutes to the Colosseum . 
The Hotel has it in front of the beach , the rooms are UNK , UNK and UNK and the organization of pool , bar and common areas is very practical . There are two Jacuzzis in a solarium with UNK views of the beach and Peñíscola . 
A UNK city hotel and very UNK located 
As a Privilege client you have a room with all kinds of drinks ( including alcoholic drinks ) , assorted pastries and nuts . 
There is a bus stop at the door that UNK directly to the center . 
The facilities quite UNK : UNK , UNK room overlooking the giant roundabout where it is located . 
Acceptable 
I would UNK it to friends , couples , families , etc . The jaima would be a curious place for a honeymoon or different UNK getaway . 
It 's outside of Siena but not far away . 
Typical Melia style hotel , located in a central place , ideal to visit any point of Madrid , UNK bus conbinations , subway . 
It was very UNK the hotel UNK served the beds the comiga I UNK the UNK bathrooms as it serves you and everything more to spend a week with friends in Madrid I liked a lot 
The distance from the hotel to the beach allows you to go walking if you do not have a cart option for transfers . 
A hotel with all the comforts , with a UNK very careful and varied in activities . 
Next to the UNK Père · Lachaise cemetery . 
Comfort in the heart of Madrid 
The rooms were UNK , they are spread out in different houses . 
The hotel is located next to the Camp Nou and very close to a subway station and in front of a bus stop , in case you do not want to take the car . 
The room had all kinds of amenities and we were very UNK with the treatment we received from the staff . 
The room looked out onto a very UNK interior patio and it was a UNK not to hear a single UNK , we slept UNK as it keeps the temperature very UNK and we did not have to leave the air conditioning running all night . 
We spent the night of August 20 , 2012 at this hotel , we chose it for its proximity to the soccer stadium of the boat , in terms of the UNK location , the hotel staff UNK and UNK , the facilities very UNK , care and maintenance UNK , definitely a UNK hotel in Barcelona . oh and the UNK buffet breakfast 
Ideal for meetings in the southern part of Barcelona . 
A UNK and UNK hotel with very UNK service . 
In order some apartments to UNK and a most UNK and UNK stay . 
I really UNK it , 
Between the bathroom and the bedroom there is a glass wall ... . very UNK detail if you travel as a couple , if nothing happens , there is a UNK . 
A very UNK hotel , UNK for spending holidays , honeymoons or going with the family . They treat you very UNK , the rooms and the view are UNK and there are many possibilities to spend time ! 
I was UNK by this hotel , the rooms have UNK confor , UNK air , I felt like in my house , because they do not put brasaletes , as other hotels do , there are different restaurants , the big pool and very UNK , I liked the treatment , I wish to UNK the men and women who UNK in that hotel , they do a UNK job , 
Also note the breakfasts , with sausage and bread from the area , as UNK as very UNK homemade cakes and pies . 
In general very UNK and the neighborhood where it is located is a simple UNK neighborhood and UNK habits . 
The UNK thing about this hotel is the location . 
It has an outdoor pool and solarium , due to the UNK weather that it did in October , I was able to UNK a bath and the rays of the sun . 
The tram is in front of the hotel and the train station is a five-minute walk away ( Hackerbrücke ) 
They put us an extra bed next to the big bed . 
It has a gym but I did not use it . 
Hotel located in a very UNK area very close to the Camp Nou , close to the subway stop to go anywhere in Barcelona , ​​with garage , hotel very UNK and UNK , the detail of having water and juice reception is very UNK 
It has a very UNK combination to know any part of Barcelona in public transport . 
There are a lot of staff and they are all very UNK and UNK professionals . 
Very UNK differentiated areas , on the one hand the dining room , UNK , UNK and with a huge window . 
Yes I would UNK it . 
The stay at the Hotel Las Arenas was UNK to go to have UNK with friends and that children also have a UNK time , both going to the beach and with the service that there is to serve the little ones . 
Good relation quality · price if what you are looking for is simply to spend a night in Valencia . 
The hotel is very central , you can go from there to all the central places of Madrid ( we did not take any public transport and that we were with a small child ) . 
Recommended and UNK 
The hotel is UNK UNK , in the center of the city and gives you the option to UNK the theater , shopping and tapas bars . 
The staff , separate paragraph , UNK always UNK ! 
hotel very UNK located so much to see the city , since it has as much line of bus as of subway near and UNK to see the soccer , since it is next to the camp nou . UNK treatment of the staff . I UNK because UNK hotel relation quality price . 
Room with all the UNK comforts plus large Grohe shower , separate toilet , two robes , stereo and 3 pillows per bed . 
For short trips it 's UNK 
The deal with the hotel staff UNK UNK , then once you pay ... no longer so much . 
Many UNK of meals , drinks and above all UNK treatment . 
7 days we had a total relax . 
The hotel , in general terms , was not that UNK ; total , for the minimum time we spent there ... We were looking for a more or less central and near the metro and UNK , that did . 
Very UNK views and a lot of UNK . 
Very UNK hotel , it is UNK visiting 
Recommended for anyone who wants to disconnect from the UNK pace of the city . 
Very UNK if you have a car , to know Seville and a UNK stay . 
Its proximity to the City of Arts and Sciences has made our stay much easier . 
Very UNK and UNK , quite UNK everything . 
Repeatable 
we stayed in an apartment overlooking the lake , which gave us UNK sunsets ! 
For the children they put a large extra bed and still there was a lot of space . 
You also have a shopping center next to an alcampo to buy the food there and take it to your studio . 
like all the hotels in the senator chain , a UNK to stay in them .. everything is attention and the rooms are very UNK . with coffee maker and everything you need ... they are marabrinose .. 
The rooms were UNK , the beds neither big nor very small , and the bathroom very UNK . 
It has a UNK of restaurants in the area for dinner or a drink . 
Recommended to visit the center or go shopping . 
A UNK for nothing overcrowded in which the service is the UNK . 
It is in front of the terminal 3 of the airport and has a UNK shuttle service every half hour . 
So we were arrowed , and for about 35 euros per head we slept UNK , and we could UNK know the mysteries of the nearby ( 0.5 km . 
It has an UNK staff , UNK cleaning service ... 
Crowd of bars and restaurant in the surroundings and nightlife . 
The hotel is UNK , for the price you pay , UNK location near the Santa Maria Novella train station , 
The rooms are UNK , UNK , functional , with flat screens in all rooms , UNK , pillow menu . 
Free Wifi in the room . 
Very UNK staff , allowed us to do late checkout since there was no reservation for the room at no extra charge ; They also keep the bags after checkout if one asks for it . 
The bathroom and the shower are UNK 
Finalizing its remodeling 
Something to keep in mind is that they have a guarded parking lot around the corner of the hotel for 24 euros a day 
In the area you have several restaurants , all services and UNK connected . 
The minibar ( water and pepsicola ) and a small coffee maker were UNK , as was the WIFI connection and the UNK . 
Congratulations to the Playa Senator chain for the acquisition . 
A couple of minutes walk ( next to the bus station ) there is a Lidl in case you need to buy something last minute . 
Good site 
The truth is that as long as I have stayed I have had a UNK and UNK stay . 
Good hotel and big city 
All the rooms we had had natural light . 
But there were buses in front of the hotel and taxi rank . 
The personal service is very UNK and the hotel has UNK and UNK rooms . 
The service is quite UNK since they care that your stay is UNK . 
Peaceful hotel 
Once you leave the room you have an exclusive area with UNK hammocks so that you do not have any UNK of location . 
In addition to an UNK price and according to the features they offer . 
The UNK location , at the entrance of the duomo square , we visited at night and for the day at the time we wanted the pisa tower , baptistery , cathedral ... it is a very UNK place . 
We UNK the Spa which is very UNK , the breakfast is also UNK . 
The hotel is UNK UNK located , the rooms are UNK UNK and UNK , ours overlooked a Zen interior courtyard . 
I liked being in that hotel . although we were only 2 days , we went for personal things , if I could in another next time I would visit again ... it feels very UNK , UNK but I always say the same thing as we all play UNK and some others in that moment there could be some UNK , ... so I always UNK the opinions of others . 
Despite being located on a main street in the city , it is a UNK and UNK place . 
Calm and UNK clientele in general . 
There are also several buses that leave from the Gambetta square to reach the center and the most UNK attractions of Paris . 
Mostly UNK . 
There is a bingo where you can dine UNK , a McDonalds and a kind of flea market also quite close . 
The UNK beds for a hotel of its category : large , UNK ( also pillows ) and UNK . 
I UNK it for executives 
If I had to put a note I would put a 9 and UNK this hotel . If I have to go back there I will not hesitate to repeat 
Ideal also for those traveling with children and animals . 
You can go on foot to the most touristic places in Madrid . 
The UNK rooms , very UNK and with every UNK , with coffee maker , stereo , pillows to choose from . 
Still highly UNK , it is a five-minute walk from Bayside and the American Airlines Arena . 
We are from Ecuador . We stayed in a block a bit far away but it was our decision and it was UNK that way since with the UNK food they serve the UNK you can do after eating is to walk , UNK the UNK gardens / landscapes and breathe the air Fresh from the beach . 
Once again I have stayed at this hotel , I have observed some UNK changes , as they now have flat screen TVs . 
It 's a UNK place 
One pass 
The location is very UNK if you are going for business , as it is very close to the Forum and also has a nearby metro stop that connects you to the center of Barcelona in 20 or 30 minutes . 
It has a UNK jacuzzi and solarium on the roof , with UNK views of Madrid . 
Serious and responsible people ! 
The beds are reclining with which you can watch TV or read UNK inclined . 
The UNK rooms with two big beds , new and with UNK minibar . 
I UNK it to anyone who wants to go to Seville . 
The room is UNK soundproof , with UNK minibar ( no alcohol ) , flat TV , iron ... 
Highly UNK to go with family . The neighborhood is UNK and has nearby supermarkets and UNK restaurants . 
Excellent location in Rome , near many tourist spots . 
The UNK , the views from the roof , where the pool is , UNK . 
Good situation 
Very UNK staff and UNK UNK of activities for all ages . 
Comfort and very UNK location 
Also as a UNK additive they have a small UNK SPA ( they leave your slippers and bathrobe UNK of charge in the room ) and allow companion dogs . 
They provide towels in both sectors , pool and beach . 
Also , the area is quite UNK 
They have a UNK deal with clients and they look after you UNK . the rooms are not UNK and he sleeps UNK . 
I would UNK it without a UNK it is a UNK hotel UNK located , with UNK facilities and with a very UNK and competent staff . 
Very new hotel with family UNK 
In addition to the facilities , cleaning , rooms , gardens ... I highlight , especially , the food , the attention of the staff and the treatment of the Director . 
In my point of view , these apartments are UNK and UNK if you want to spend a few days relaxing with your partner , being able to UNK privacy , UNK , and UNK company , with UNK lighting and facilities . 
A UNK lodging option to go to Disney 
Excellent location in downtown Madrid , 5 minutes walk from the Plaza del Sol and close to the Metro stop of Line 5 , Gran Vía . 
The treatment of hotel workers is very UNK and the rooms are quite UNK . 
It is located in the center of the city , with all the tourist attractions around you ( El Pilar , for example ) , and places to have a drink . 
Elegant and relaxing 
I was surprised that nothing is heard at the hotel , neither the highway nor the airport can really rest . 
The room was very UNK , we were traveling with a child and we had a sofa · bed that fit UNK in the room . 
The room faced the sun but they are very UNK insulated with shutters which made it very UNK and UNK . 
In reception a detail very to UNK are the two jugs with UNK juices . 
What is in the milibar is UNK of charge and you have a kettle with different coffees and infusions . 
Good camping , family , care and with UNK services . 
There is a lot of UNK and all the dishes are very UNK . 
Close and UNK staff 
A hotel that offers what it sells . 
They have a more than UNK breakfast buffet , with UNK UNK . 
As for the breakfast buffet , it is very complete and varied . 
The UNK thing about this hotel is without UNK the customer service ! ! 
The people are very kind and UNK . 
We liked it a lot and we would UNK it without any UNK . 
Clean and UNK beds . Its location to access the center is very UNK . 
The space in the room was UNK . 
Personalized attention 
The attention was UNK and the room UNK 
In the center of Madrid , the room was UNK and UNK , UNK hotel and UNK treatment . I stayed on a business trip and everything was UNK . I arrived very early ( at 10 a.m. ) and had already prepared a UNK room . 
Ideal for urban getaways . 
The stay was UNK and I did not UNK anything at the time I was there . 
The proximity of public transport · bus and metro to the door of the hotel · is one of the factors to be highlighted along with the quality of the service . 
Pleasant and professional staff . 
Hotel central and UNK priced . 
It is located 15 minutes walk from the Piazza dei Miracoli . 
If we go back to Madrid we will not hesitate to stay there again . 
Bienn 
Cleansed 
Only 4 · 5 subway stops from the train station . 
The breakfast is very UNK , homemade bread , pastries , eggs , ham , cheese , homemade jams , honey , etc ... Without a UNK an UNK quality price 
We like this hotel very much because it is located in a very central area , the attention of its staff is very UNK and the UNK of its rooms . 
Facilities more than acceptable ; Animation team , totally delivered ; exhaustive cleaning ( sometimes , up to 2 times a day ) , with change of towels also up to 2 times daily ; with people of all kinds , newly married couples , groups of friends , families ... very diverse environment . 
The rooms are UNK , they have a plasma TV , a small refrigerator , air conditioning and UNK WIFI . 
Fairly UNK 
We will repeat . 
We stayed at this hotel because it had a UNK price and it was UNK located to go to Oberursel , where the concerts of the Hessentag 2011 were held . 
Hotel , very UNK located , UNK views to the UNK via , close everything , main square , door of the sun , UNK via , museums , theaters , very UNK attention , breakfast very UNK , and the habiataciones with UNK way views , cleaning UNK . 
Good stay , UNK trip rests UNK 
The room is attached to the house , with independent access to the garden and the pool . 
Menu for celiacs agreed and controlled by the association . 
A UNK place UNK and secluded from the city , the food is UNK and the rooms also , has a bus line nearby to go to nearby places and employees are very UNK . 
Despite this last , I UNK it . 
A hotel with class 
Big and UNK . 
All in the same place 
In the hotel , the workers are very aware of you and they are even kind and UNK when you talk to them . 
I liked the hotel much more than I expected . 
Nice place to rest 
To get from the airport , the Tirso de Molina stop that connects to the airport line is very close , and a 15-minute walk away is the Atocha station . 
We feel very UNK taken care of , the hotel is UNK to travel as a family . 
The views from the rooftop UNK , with two Jacuzzis . 
For the price of the room is just the service received , since the accommodation in Amsterdam is generally quite UNK compared to other European cities . 
In our next trips to Madrid we will use this hotel that we already knew from previous occasions . 
5 minutes walk from the train station / intercity bus stop . 
Views over the canal as we requested in the reservation . 
Easy choice for the next visit to Rome . 
My girlfriend and I went on vacation to Spain and we stayed a few days in Palma , the experience was the UNK I UNK the climate of this city and thanks to the fact that the hotel has all the facilities and services we could UNK to the fullest . 
Good deal and UNK Hotel 
Correct at all , UNK if you travel to see the barça 
Hotel UNK located near the station , and also close to the city center and the tourist area . Subway station UNK next to and UNK connected with buses and trams , and public bicycles for the bravest . Good staff treatment and quite welcoming . 
Good service , everything very UNK and UNK . 
Located in front of a paradisiacal beach in the urbanization of Nusa Dua . 
The apartment was large , with a double bed and a sofa bed , a full equipped kitchen and a large bathroom with bathtub . 
If you have to walk uphill , but it is very little time and the slope is not pronounced , in fact , Calella is a hill , so I do not know why some UNK ! 
It is UNK for babies , since it has a room with all the services that may be needed . 
The rooms are UNK and UNK because you can not hear any UNK from the big road . 
I can not say anything against , the UNK staff from the management to the last employee make you find in a very UNK atmosphere , the UNK , UNK and UNK rooms , anyone wishing to help you and the hotel spaces UNK and UNK 
Comfortable apartments 
On the terrace of the hotel there is a UNK pool , nobody sees you from outside and you can bathe and sunbathe in total UNK . 
The situation of the hotel is outside urban nuclei , this makes nature has its maximum value . 
Excellent hotel with Sofitel service and quality . 
everything is decorated with an UNK taste , and has everything you need . The photos that appear on the web , UNK and exactly show how the apartments are . 
The hotel is UNK , the UNK facilities are UNK rooms with air conditioning , friobar , terrace , queen beds , desk , small room . 
The Nh Eurobuilding hotel is one of the UNK UNK hotels of Madrid . 
It is a small , design hotel , where all the details are taken care of with an UNK quality · price ratio . 
The breakfast is UNK , with UNK and quality of products . 
Many Garcia , have made us spend a UNK weekend . 
The Hotel itself is not UNK at all , UNK treatment , UNK stays and UNK food . 
This is one of the UNK vacasiones that ice is also UNK UNK and there is nothing UNK . 
They treated us like at home , very UNK to any UNK or need . 
The hotel is located about four blocks from the Arc de Triomf station and about three from the Marina stop . 
You have access to the public transport of the city ( buses , Metrorail and Metromover ) . 
Comfortable hotel in Barcelona 
It also has UNK internet service in the room or UNK UNK . 
Well the hotel was not UNK , it was UNK and UNK 
The hotel has undergone a UNK in the last year . 
The UNK thing about these apartments is above all their price , we get a UNK offer through the internet . 
It is a hotel located in the middle of Gran Vía , very close to Puerta del Sol , and is ideal for getting to know the city . 
The dinners with a lot of UNK , there was a lot of quantity and quality . 
Pleasant days 
Quiet location but in less than 10 minutes walking you get in the Duomo . 
But it was a UNK room and we rested UNK 
I really UNK it to everyone . 
The hotel has eight floors if I remember UNK and a large number of rooms , cleaning is UNK and breakfast buffet . 
Then you can go by bus or walk to the center of the city . 
Best of all the situation , with several theaters nearby , bars etc ... 
the hotel is UNK . It has a kitchen and fridge for UNK , so it is not necessary to spend money at the hotel . 
It is possible to be reached walking from the Urgell bus stop of the airport ( about 10 minutes ) , so it is easily UNK . 
The hotel covered all the needs . 
Very UNK and with UNK beds . 
The double room in which we stayed was quite UNK , UNK and UNK . 
The reception is UNK ( as is the breakfast room ) and the staff more than UNK . 
A place to forget about UNK and UNK the landscape , silence , the open air and many possibilities ( besides , a few kilometers away we have the beach ) . 
that the hotel is very UNK has a UNK view it treats you very UNK the restaurant is UNK the food you make it as you want without any UNK this hotel is highly UNK if you want to make a family vacation : D 
The truth is that it is a very UNK hotel , of UNK quality and I will go back to that hotel to go as a family , as a couple , it has close metro and bus stations , in conclusion a very UNK hotel . 
The bathroom is UNK . 
Practical and functional 
Very UNK in all aspects , very UNK , it has details that please , such as the UNK mini bar ( non-alcoholic drinks ) and the liquid heater in the room so you can make coffee or infusions . They replace it daily . 
Quality UNK UNK price and in the center 
Nice hotel in Madrid 
It is a hotel located near the Camp Nou , nearby there are several bars to UNK up and the Mario house bar where you eat UNK UNK . 
the location is UNK , UNK transport , first line beach and plenty of restaurants and entertainment nearby . 
We have gone from Friday to Sunday with my two children and the stay very UNK , UNK and is attached to a shopping center with cinemas and restaurants . 
The entertainment service and pool UNK . 
Hotel very UNK located in the middle of Gran Via . ideal for shopping , tapas by the many bars in the area and go to a musical , you can go walking to the door of the sun to be a busy area , or by metro to be next stop , the hotel has a spa to relax after an exhausting day . 
It was UNK that the location is very UNK with access walking to the center of Madrid , but I thought it would be UNK the place where it is located and therefore UNK UNK or silence . 
A whole pack of UNK practically without moving . 
I only have UNK words to describe the hotal and the staff . 
The subway is 50 meters down just one street . 
The hotel is close to the Termini station . 
We have UNK it to everyone we know , and we will certainly repeat it . 
The room UNK and with UNK air conditioning . 
The size of the room and the bathroom is large , UNK and the bed UNK . 
I UNK the hotel for couples 
the hotel is very good.good quality relation.centric.good breakfast and UNK rooms.dispose of transport service to the airport . located next to plaza cavour , area from which numerous urban buses are taken . you can walk to any point monumental city . 
The car leaves it in the parking lot , because it is from the vip beach club they do discount , it is not necessary to go by car to see the city . 
UNK room , huge large and also did not UNK any detail , had a coffee maker , ironing board , of course this and an iron , capsules coffee maker , UNK mini bar . The pool with yacuzzi included.Genial I UNK it . 
We have felt UNK taken care of by all the staff and the facilities were in UNK condition according to 
Well located , between the station and the main monuments of Pisa . 
One of the UNK it has is that it is located near the Diagonal del Mar shopping center , and a few meters from the beach . 
The hotel is in the final part of its remodeling , the bathrooms have been changed and the balconies of this hotel have been UNK into the rooms inside the room . 
Regardless of experiences and feelings that each one may have , I really liked that in an all-inclusive hotel that one travels to try to move as little as possible , you have many options inside ... swimming pools , tennis courts , kids club , SPA where you opt for hydrotherapy , facial and body treatments , thermal baths ... An area for fitness and aesthetics ... One last truth for those of us who like so much the world of relaxation and UNK ... very UNK UNK , treatment , room , meals ... 
Relaxation and wellness site 
Quite UNK , I stayed 4 days and if I went back to Milan , I would definitely return to this hotel that I UNK 100 % 
In the interior you can see every floor of the hotel designed by a UNK designer , such as Zaha Hadid , Javier Mariscal , Victorio and Lucchino ... even the restaurants or pubs are UNK . 
The hotel is located in the middle of the Strip , so its location is ideal . 
The reception UNK and the UNK people 
If you are looking for a UNK place to sleep , it is a UNK place . 
From the hotel you can see the Camp Nou , so if you are a fan you can stay and go on foot in 5 minutes . 
I will go back again when I go to Seville 
We found the cleaning of the room very UNK and a UNK and careful bathroom . 
Breakfast UNK above average in hotels of that price and in those cities , very varied and UNK , a UNK to go down to breakfast with little time . 
For children UNK , many trees , natural space , direct access to the beach . 
The area is very UNK as you are in front of the beach , and the occupation is 90 % German and at the time we were almost all older people / 3rd age ... but very UNK because we were looking for UNK . 
Around there are many shops and supermarkets , eg to buy basic products ( water , etc . ) , as UNK as places to have breakfast . 
Nothing UNK for the place where it is and the amenities it offers . 
Beautiful beach 
In the rooms you have all kinds of details such as a coffee machine with its capsules , an UNK clock with speaker to put your smartphone , etc . Also when you get up for breakfast and come back , the room is already done , as UNK as after taking a nap . 
To repeat . 
The hotel is located near the metro which facilitates mobility , and it is also possible to park the car near the hotel without being controlled by the town hall . 
I UNK it as it is very central , UNK facilities even your UNK cafeteria . 
The rooms are very large with sofa · relax and UNK lighting . 
Good atmosphere and service 
In addition , the minibar , wifi and UNK is included in the price and is something to UNK because it is not very usual . 
The rooms are UNK , UNK and the whole hotel is very UNK , everything UNK . 
Our stay there was more than UNK , we felt at home , as family . 
The rest to repeat . 
The hotel is 5 stars , and the truth is that it deserves them . 
In addition , I also value the fact that the hotel staff spoke Spanish . 
I thought it was a UNK hotel , taking into account the services provided , moving around is not UNK and making UNK weather will be very UNK to walk with the child , from what I have seen on the hotel page you have next bus stop No . 80 that It UNK until after 12 midnight and takes you to the beginning of the Champs Elysees , passing by the Soul Bridge and the Avda . 
Both the spa and the massage were very relaxing and UNK . 
In August it is UNK and it is high season , but there is a swimming pool in the attic and with the air conditioning it is not noticeable . 
Well located , UNK to locate , UNK service . 
If you go by car , it is a UNK option and the train that comes from the airport is two tram stops from the Sloterdijk station . 
In the heart of the city with UNK facilities . 
And among the views we must highlight the glass walkway that has its UNK floor , from which you can pass and see a few meters high the ground , and the landscape . 
The hotel is very UNK located , with communication to go to the center of the city and , at the same time , in an area with a little UNK atmosphere . 
The hotel is an UNK UNK , UNK and attention to 100 % and its price is adapted to what they offer . 
The room that they gave us is very UNK , it had a small living room , it had UNK views of the UNK road and it is UNK soundproof . 
Surprising choice 
It has UNK WIFI that UNK very UNK and a small SPA area . 
The plots are UNK and with lots of shade . 
Everything very UNK and taken care of . 
Satisfactory stay in every way 
Recommendable hotel in the center 
We UNK the hotel is located throughout the center of Madrid with what the offer of leisure , gastronomy , culture , etc . is UNK and then what to say about the staff , the facilities , UNK ! We will certainly be repeating soon 
The staff is UNK , very UNK and UNK to all the needs we had during the visit . 
Good comunicated . 
The location of the hotel is UNK and it is located between the Plaza de Callao and Plaza España . 
In full UNK way ! 
It has everything you need and above all , what UNK us the most : UNK access to the center of Calella de Palafrugell and the beach on foot . 
Very UNK hotel in the center of Madrid 
Thanks for everything , we will return and UNK it to our friends . 
We also highlight the UNK of the rooms . 
Abundant food and for all tastes . 
I think the theme of the UNK wifi and that admás UNK very UNK . 
The UNK : the amplitude of the reception and rooms , the silence at night , and the murmur of the water in the fountains inside and outside . 
Quality for non-demanding people 
In general , we UNK this hotel . 
The hotel was as newly renovated , everything new , very careful to detail . 
The atmosphere is very UNK and the room very UNK , with UNK quality in the dream and details such as coffee maker and UNK minibar ( water , pepsi , juices ) ; It also had UNK wifi connection in the room . 
The hotel has a UNK shuttle service on request . 
A hotel that takes care of the service , UNK to know Madrid , UNK location . 
A UNK combination 
The clients of the PlayaVip Club are given a Spa session per person UNK of charge . 
The direct flight from Buenos Aires and the later check out adapted to the departure time allow us to UNK our vacation to the fullest and have a UNK rest . 
Luxury Red Level service with lounge access with Moet Chandon , canapés , other drinks , press , etc . A very highly UNK hotel with a UNK location . 
Good hotel to visit Madrid 
Hotel UNK 
Hotel with UNK design , very central . 
Comfortable 
Our room , and I think the vast majority of the hotel , had a balcony that overlooked the hotel 's interior garden and terrace . 
Next to the Plaza del Sol and close to Metro stations and bus stop . 
Ideal to spend a weekend of sightseeing in the capital . 
The UNK attention of the staff , surrounded by UNK gardens and UNK UNK of meals and restaurants . 
The price was a UNK offer 
Avant-garde decoration 
In the room there were no UNK at night , absolute silence , and that was a first , we UNK it very much after getting UNK to tour the city . 
I was with a stay that included only breakfast , so in my opinion the breakfast they put is not UNK at all . 
The service is very UNK and the price is UNK to the quality , although without any type of offer it is not UNK . 
In short , we left UNK of our stay . 
Elegant and familiar 
It has an UNK location , just 5 minutes walk from the Termini station , where different trains and buses arrive from the two airports of the city . 
Gift of a bottle of champagne upon arrival . 
The UNK thing is your situation , close to everything there is to see in Madrid . 
Hotel UNK and UNK . The staff is very UNK , always UNK to help us with any questions or needs . 
I UNK Senator chain hotels 
The employees are mostly bilingual which makes the stay in the hotel more than practical . 
It has a buffet restaurant for both breakfast and dinner ( I was in half board ) with a UNK of food ( one day played Chinese food and another day Mexican food ) For breakfast you can also do it a la carte in a separate restaurant with a very personal UNK and UNK . 
The rooms are UNK , UNK and quite UNK . 
Breakfast is the UNK and most varied in Helsinki ( I start the day with a feast of smoked salmon and herring ... ) . 
Good Hotel 
Being valencia is not very UNK to find where to take something , less than 100 meters from the room there is something to choose from . 
to rest or have UNK is UNK , UNK for all tastes . 
The hotel is UNK , especially in the summer season as you can UNK a terrace with jacuzzi on the roof of the hotel and UNK UNK views from the UNK . 
A UNK and UNK hotel in Paris 
The room was very UNK and UNK equipped . 
I liked 
I had the opportunity to meet the Senator chain when I traveled to Almeria and the experience was so UNK that my name and name were recorded to both my family and me . 
Excellent stay , a UNK UNK . 
The access is made by a corner on Calle Carmen , not on the same door of the sun , which gives you an UNK to access and avoid the bustle of people in this place . 
It 's UNK UNK 
Hotel Paris in Encamp , Andorra , UNK and UNK 
Pleasant stay at the Torre Catalunya 
Nearby metro and nearby businesses . 
I UNK it to everyone because they treated us very UNK , the staff was very close and UNK , from the reception to the restaurant and the bar , all a ten . 
The staff is very UNK and UNK with the customers . 
Hello friends , I have stayed several times in this hotel for business reasons . It is very UNK located to be in the center of Madrid and to be able to access the same center walking . Good quality hotel , very UNK price and UNK staff . It has a UNK UNK service and mini bar . 
We spent a few days UNK , the hotel is UNK , the guys had UNK and my husband UNK with the gym and spa , and I with a book on the beach , in this hotel space and activities for all the UNK UNK to go in family 
The breakfast was not UNK . 
Although I was only there one night I will repeat , it was a very relaxing and UNK stay , to go to the Spa each person has his bathrobe . 
The hotel had quite UNK rooms and it was UNK . 
Good hotel 
It is close to Warner Park and it is a UNK town and there are not too many UNK immigrants , although there are many in Madrid and you have to be careful in the metro with your suitcases because there is a lot of foreign criminals . 
I UNK my expectations of UNK and UNK 
A hotel for a weekend with UNK atmosphere and close to Madrid within a short distance to avoid the traffic of the city . 
Nice , UNK service and UNK breakfasts ! 
Quiet zone . 
The bar to take what you want at any time UNK , with its armchairs , its terrace next to the pool ... UNK . 
We decided to stay in these apartments because of the proximity to Disneyland , just one RER stop . 
I UNK it to all the people who go through the city is UNK and very UNK UNK I hope you will be UNK 
Very UNK hotel , UNK and we will return 
Everything UNK , very UNK , the food is really UNK , the gazebo by the pool has everything to UNK the customers ! 
Good value for money 
For the price that cost us was not UNK , it is UNK that you know where you are going and the quality that there are some of these sites , however I UNK it to spend a few days of relaxation with the couple or family , 
The room very UNK and UNK , I liked the stereo . 
I would go back 
The service contracted includes breakfast , with UNK UNK , restaurant staff , a UNK , and at the reception very UNK . 
The hotel is located in the UNK of UNK via , near theaters , cinemas , shops , restaurants and is one step from the sun , the main square and if you do not have a subway entrance just outside the hotel door . 
The first in a standard room that I found really UNK with a huge marble bathroom . 
The treatment of the staff was careful and very UNK , check-in and check-out were quick and without any kind of UNK 
If you go in this plan the hotel offers various activities of animation for both adults and children . 
The beach of this hotel is UNK because it is almost double the extension above the average of the hotels in playa del carmen . The hotel has extremely UNK staff that can resolve if you UNK a key , a towel , if you are looking A specific type of food , if you are looking for a doctor or UNK of that type , the hotel is porto the height . 
Everything you need half an hour from the center . 
ideal to visit Madrid very central and with a metro stop at the door , in front of the theater where the lion king and with a couple of jacuzzi on the roof where you can relax after a day walking in Madrid . very UNK beds 
The last day we had breakfast included and the truth is that there is a lot of UNK , everything was very UNK and it is buffet style . 
I UNK the neighborhood , it is full of restaurants and cafes and small shops . 
They were also very UNK in the reception facilitating the LATE check out since our flight left at the end of the afternoon and to be able to nap before it is much UNK . 
The breakfast buffet is simply UNK , you can find everything , literally . 
Good and UNK area and with 24h reception . 
You have to a step and without need of public transport , restaurants , shows , urban tourism etc . 
I will be back 
Cozy and central 
As always , the treatment was UNK , the rooms renovated and very UNK , and the breakfast was UNK . 
I have already been several times with my partner in this small hotel , which is located in the center of León , on the UNK Calle Ancha . 
Centric and UNK 
We stayed 4 days and we left very UNK , the lunch service ( very complete ) , the UNK and UNK rooms , the very kind employees , in short , it is a hotel that we have reference if we want to return to Leeds to visit this UNK city . 
There was a UNK in the closet at no charge . 
The UNK ... the chocolate fountain . 
The food is UNK and everything is designed for family UNK . 
Second stay and , without thinking , if we return to Madrid , we will repeat . 
The room was UNK cleaned and had a UNK bathroom . 
To start I will tell you that because I was a member of the PlayaVip Club , they offered me a room with a terrace with UNK views of Gran Via , and they gave us a UNK entrance to the spa . 
The hotel is UNK to all people who like to be UNK served . 
These 4 days we have rested and UNK thanks to the UNK food , beds and UNK of the hotel owners . 
Also to the train station . 
Spacious , UNK and UNK rooms . 
What I liked the most was the buffet for both breakfast and dinner . 
That 's what I call a Hotel with class ( and to repeat ) 
The receptionists advise you a little about where to go and which metro line or bus line to go to the destinations . 
We liked it 
all UNK as we expected , UNK UNK of thematic restaurants and UNK to move around the hotel , cleaning and UNK maintenance . 
Pleasurable trip 
I went with the knowledge that it is a 4 star hotel and for that reason I knew it would be a UNK hotel and UNK it has been , the service is very cordial , UNK and UNK . 
The hotel is a couple of blocks from the Cuzco metro and 20 minutes from the airport by taxi . 
The rooms are UNK , the furniture is UNK and functional , they have flat screen tv , satellite , UNK . 
The breakfast is very UNK and varied , the facilities are UNK 
The location is near the Linate Airport . 
( Plaza de España is about 5 · 7 minutes ) and Puerta del Sol about 15 on foot . 
One of the reasons why I stayed here is that the Europcar office is inside the hotel . 
It was a most UNK stay , an UNK and UNK service that we will return to next year , although of course that depends on the UNK and if there is any UNK offer , of course . 
Hardly UNK , UNK located and a UNK deal . 
Good rooms I UNK it . 
The wifi is UNK and UNK UNK and the bathroom is UNK 
The room despite the UNK size bed . 
However , the hotel is UNK in general . 
The rooms are large and UNK , the design follows a UNK line , the staff UNK . 
The rooms are UNK , UNK and very UNK equipped . 
Very close to the rooms that can be walked and a UNK and UNK UNK . 
With quality · price ratio , the hotel is UNK . is about 500 meters from the beach of Gandia . 
The owners are very kind and UNK people who will be UNK to help you in whatever is necessary .. 
I found a UNK and a UNK minibar 
It has many shops around and also many restaurants to eat . 
Central , UNK , UNK . 
Very UNK Hotel in the center of Madrid 
hotel located next to the camp nou with public transport in front of the hotel that leaves you in all the tourist places of Barcelona , ​​the hotel as all senators SUPER COMFORTABLE rooms , UNK bathroom znas common , if I go back to Barcelona I will not hesitate to stay another time there 
I have been to this hotel and I really liked it because I expected something UNK for that price , the sheets were totally UNK and new white . 
The hotel has an UNK location to get to know Madrid , a few steps from the Puerta del Sol , you can visit Atocha , visit the Plaza Mayor and the Mercado de San Miguel walking . 
The hotel is located in the UNK via one of the main arteries of madrid , 5 minutes from almost the entire Prado Museum , the Plaza Mayor , the royal palace next to musicals , plays , discos . party halls and cinemas is all at hand what you save by taxi , subway and public transport , and there is a UNK of restaurants in front there is a Mc donal and cafeteria and bars is very UNK connected to the radio at the entrance of the hotel there is a subway stop and being in the UNK via the rooms are UNK soundproofed I UNK volvere 
I would UNK it without a UNK for a trip in the same conditions , that is , for a weekend . 
The UNK roof with two jacuzzis in which you can see all of Madrid . The SPA is UNK UNK conditioned . 
Quality price relationship the UNK I 've seen . 
Madrid center 
The UNK the waitress at night , very UNK and UNK , a 10 for her , the UNK of the hotel . 
Good ubication 
Easy access from the airport , first a train to Barcelona · Sants and then 3 or 4 stops by metro so you save the taxi . 
My room was UNK and the staff was quite UNK . 
Totally UNK for its price and strategic location 
Correct staff 
It is a 4 star , is located at the end of the beach of Peñíscola , so you have UNK in the area and Peñíscola at 5 · 10 minutes by car along the promenade ( Avenida del Papa Luna ) . 
The parking is UNK . 
We will return 
An experience to repeat 
the attentions are formidable UNK meals and for all the tastes , the UNK and extremely UNK facilities that is very UNK . 
The truth that it is UNK booking half board . 
The hotel is located UNK in the center of Zaragoza , two steps away from the Basilica del Pilar , ideal if , like you , you are planning to visit the Roman UNK , museums and palaces . 
Simple but very UNK room with UNK bathroom with amenities 
You have the metromover one street away and many shops in the vicinity of the hotel . 
Everything UNK to make it so special , its people , the environment , the company and also the hotel , very UNK and UNK . 
Easy access to the Complex 
The new breakfast a la carte UNK the expectations and above you can have breakfast outdoors since they have put a terrace at the exit of the restaurant . 
Good deal , UNK hotel situation . 
It was only for a weekend and a night , but the result with UNK to this hotel was UNK , basically because of the UNK UNK and professional treatment of the staff . 
The stay at the hotel was really UNK and fulfilled what we were looking for . 
Cozy 
The hotel is UNK located , close to the Plaza España metro . 
UNK hotel with UNK qualities and services UNK to customers . Recommended especially for couples seeking UNK and relaxation away from the hustle and bustle of the city . of the UNK I 've been . 
The breakfast UNK too , the truth , we expected much less . 
A short distance from downtown walking distance from downtown . 
Apart from being a very UNK and UNK hotel it has a very familiar and UNK atmosphere that it 's UNK to visit , I felt like at home , with those big sofas in which we all fit to watch TV , I also UNK the UNK of that whirlpool bathtub that I did not want to take off , in addition to those dinners that we UNK in the restaurant that made me feel very UNK , and the views of course very UNK , because those green areas that reached the horizon gave a relax that seemed infinite . 
Very UNK services , as UNK as all the staff , always UNK and UNK , more than anything we did not speak Italian ! 
They also offered a historical talk in the hotel lobby and a UNK guided tour . 
You can not put a but to this hotel . 
Spa very UNK and quite large , we did not use the pool by dates but it was open , also has gym and massage area . 
We UNK it and we will return 
Breakfast , varied , is served in the basement . 
Good and UNK location 
Highly UNK , UNK for everyone . 
We have been staying at this hotel for a weekend and it has to be said that it is completely UNK and recommendable . 
Our decision when choosing this hotel was UNK . We will certainly repeat . I advise trying the spa . to us it seemed UNK · relaxing after a day of visiting the city . I also advise to request everything that is needed . they upload it to the moment . both the cleaning staff and the reception very UNK and UNK . has in the miinibar 4 waters and 2 UNK pepsis and also a water heater and cafes and infusions . 
Good hotel the functional rooms with minibar to keep your drinks or food refrigerated , there are self-service machines to buy `` everything '' and at a UNK price , from personal toiletries to snacks . 
This August we visited Barcelona , ​​we were a family group of 20 people including children and the elderly , the hotel was UNK and UNK , we also UNK the spa , and the rooftop pool was very UNK for children . 
It also has a UNK view of the Vatican . 
Ideal for those who wish to relax in the countryside , or visit the surrounding villages . 
The UNK and cordial treatment . 
The location of the Hotel is UNK , just five metro stations from downtown . 
Successes , continue on the UNK track ! ! ! 
I liked it 
Small hotel in the center with UNK SPA 
Check · in 24h . 
The hotel is very central , in the middle of Gran Via . 
I liked the hotel in general and its service , the personal attention was very UNK , all very UNK and UNK , very UNK and UNK , with UNK breakfasts and UNK dinners , eating we did not arrive . 
I like the hotel 
There all the staff treated me very UNK and I was able to UNK the many amenities of the premises . 
Everything as we expected very UNK 
the experience was very UNK , it was very UNK , I had a UNK time with my family , I UNK it to all , you should come too , a very UNK treatment by the employees of the hotel , the food was very UNK . 
It offers buffet breakfast . 
Close to Camp Nou and UNK area 
The service of the masseurs UNK , we UNK some treatments that UNK us both , after making us forget the accumulated daily UNK . 
VThe hotel has 168 rooms and 11 floors , we stayed in the latter and overlooking the Gran Vía , the rooms are soundproof and you can not hear anything from outside . 
We have been at this hotel for the weekend ... we wanted a central location to be able to visit the whole tourist area of ​​Madrid ... and we were not UNK ... 
Quality at a UNK price 
The reception service is UNK and makes you feel UNK . 
We would repeat it without hesitation 
I have returned to visit this hotel since my last review and I reiterate my UNK feelings , from 10 in time to price , location and acoustic UNK . 
The UNK bathroom and with the necessary things . 
The location is very UNK next to the plaza de la República , near bars and restaurants varied both UNK food and traditional cuisine as UNK as three metro stops , you could reach the center walking in 20 · 25 minutes . 
We arrived on January 4 , the room quite UNK , with coffee maker and UNK minibar . 
Very UNK and UNK staff , UNK minibar ( non-alcoholic drinks ) , infusion tray and coffee in the room ( UNK ) , UNK spa , very UNK ( no UNK is heard ) and nearby metro line for commuting around the city . 
Regarding the room was UNK , the building has a glass facade so brightness is UNK , UNK bathrooms , the bed is UNK ( not too UNK , not very UNK , that is , it is quite UNK ) and finally television and all that , and since it is a 4 star hotel it complies with its `` obligation '' . 
The treatment and attention of the staff is UNK . an experience to repeat . 
Functional 
I went for UNK and everything was UNK than expected , so do not hesitate , As for quality price was also quite UNK . 
Breakfast UNK standards and offer from shushi to small tropical fruits . 
It gives real UNK to arrive and relax in the UNK room decorated with true care in a minimalist but UNK way . 
The hotel does not UNK always have an UNK service . 
The room is UNK , UNK equipped , with a UNK bathroom , and with UNK minibar . 
If you want a hotel in the center of Madrid but at the same time absorb the UNK and relaxation of your spa ... 
The pool deserves a separate paragraph , with many chairs for the UNK of all , and a Gazebo in which you can buy from drinks to lunch or go for snaks ! 
Accustomed to the UNK ( sometimes at odds with the old and UNK ) this hotel is UNK and the staff UNK . 
the hotel category . 
Good service and UNK situation 
The breakfast was also very complete but the dinners were UNK and very UNK presented . 
Nice hotel with UNK services 
We did not have time to travel all around the farm , but the pool and gardens invite you to spend long periods in summer . 
Very UNK located in the town , close to shops and cafes . 
Good 
Do not hesitate to choose this hotel . 
Excellent air conditioning , in the street at 40 degrees and to sleep we need bedspread , the temperature regulate from reception individually for each room , UNK staff and you can leave your luggage in luggage if you want to stay until later , then you pick it up and continue trip or you go back to house . 
The staff is UNK . 
Breakfast is buffet and it is UNK . 
I remember that the buffet breakfast I liked a lot hahaj I would definitely repeat 
Free internet access and very UNK staff . 
Hotel very central and UNK 
I would highlight the restaurant service . 
The room was very UNK and UNK , with an articulated King-size bed , and a UNK UNK extra bed , with a refrigerator and UNK water . 
Good hotel if you go to the Camp Nou 
Good city hotel in general 
I liked the room in general being able to park the car at the door . 
We are UNK in the Hotel and the treatment towards us is UNK . 
It is located practically in the center of Milan . 
I can not comment on the SPA since I have not visited it , but on the other hand , UNK treatment of the staff , the rooms have an individual UNK , UNK mini bar ( no alcoholic beverages ) , ironing board , coffee maker , UNK and UNK beds , ... and in summer two jacuzzis on the outdoor terrace with UNK views . 
Hotel very UNK located in the center of Madrid . Well connected and to move around the city center . Business trip . Good value for money . 
Stay UNK , UNK and UNK , with a UNK bed and no UNK . 
It is a UNK hotel , very UNK located and about 10 minutes from the historic center of Peñíscola and a few meters from the beach . 
We stayed in this hotel for being close to the center and because we had previously tried the stay in other hotels of the same chain . 
Ideal to visit companies in the nearby polygon . 
A UNK city hotel and very UNK located . 
The rest of the room , bathroom , floor , if they were cleaned . 
100 % recommendable . 
Nice staff 
Very UNK staff , and UNK breakfast . 
In general I do not UNK the hotel , it is very UNK located , the building is very UNK facade and very UNK aspect , it is UNK maintained / renovated . 
It is a very UNK place , without any UNK and with everything you need to spend a few days of rest with the family . 
Good attention at the Reception . 
The UNK soundproof room , with UNK minibar ( 4 bottles of water and 2 of Pepsi ) , flat TV , mini-stereo , iron and ironing board , coffee and tea bags with milk capsules , etc ... The newly conditioned SPA , very complete and also , for being a repeat customer , they gave us 2 tickets . 
We UNK a lot during those days , it is a completely family hotel . 
What I said ... UNK in this chain , where UNK and attention are always something to highlight . 
Friendly UNK at the reception . 
We are clients of this chain and we are very UNK , they always receive us with a bottle of cava . 
A hotel with a UNK situation in the heart of Madrid . 
As far as the rooms are UNK , its size is UNK for traveling as a couple . 
From the one I occupied , the Dome of the Duomo was visible and the bells of the Campanile were UNK audible : a UNK . 
Reception staff very UNK , UNK several tickets to shows , gave us directions and advice , all very UNK ) . 
The quality is UNK for a four-star hotel and the situation in the city is ideal as a starting point to get around the city . 
A UNK hotel , near the Camp Nou but UNK connected by metro and bus . 
In general it is not UNK . 
I think that for those who go periodically for UNK to have reference to this hotel in Barcelona we are UNK because the saying goes , `` UNK UNK known than UNK to know '' but in this case of UNK nothing at all . 
Modern roads 
The newly conditioned SPA , very complete and also , for being a repeat client , gave us 2 tickets . 
The family room is more than UNK for two adults and two children as you have two beds of 1'35 as UNK as the beach hotels we have visited . 
In everything else it has been a UNK stay . 
Modern accommodation in the heart of the city 
I UNK it 
Good hotel and central 
A UNK quality option · price 
Fantastic hotel in the center of Madrid 
My stay at the Hotel Praga was quite UNK , I was with my partner and we were able to UNK the city of Madrid and rest at the hotel . 
Central hotel and 5 minutes from everything 
It is a hotel UNK seeing and being , the rooms are UNK with very UNK decoration and without missing anything , the UNK staff very UNK , the UNK comes out you UNK the rooms as many times as you need is more my husband and I We slept the nap and when we returned at night was the newly made bed again with small details on the pillow , the breakfast buffet I was UNK as there were all kinds of fruits and much more UNK as many cafes as you would like I would at least advise that People visited him even if it was only once in his life since it is an UNK experience . 
The breakfasts are quite varied and the rooms are UNK and UNK , I liked it . 
Under the hotel there is an UNK restaurant at a UNK price where the staff speaks English . 
The hotel is UNK and UNK , both in the room and in the bathroom . 
Good situation and UNK price . 
Well located near tracks , but in the middle of the village of Encamp . 
I will surely return 
Upon entering you are invited to a glass of champagne but we do not take it . 
It has no animation , which is UNK . 
I think it 's okay to go and have UNK with friends as there are many restaurants , bars , pubs and atmosphere to stop it UNK . 
the hotel is in a UNK place to visit the center of madrid , to walk through the door of the sun , plaza mayor etc and tapas in any of the many bars and restaurants in the area , plus the hotel has a subway the door . 
From there you can access the entire center of Madrid walking , UNK staff and everything very UNK . 
The pool is Olympic-sized , and has deckchairs to cover the amount of people staying at the hotel , which is very UNK , since I stayed at other hotels and they are always in short supply ! 
My family and I UNK the city of Madrid , the power to go shopping , to tapas , to see a show , and the situation of this hotel is ideal to move around the center of Madrid without having to take the car because everything it catches you by hand , so that whenever we can plan a weekend family getaway we do not hesitate , our choice is UNK : We 're going to the Senator Gran Via 21 ¡¡ . 
I would go back ! 
Stop at the center 
We would like to go back 
Gratifying 
It is a UNK located hotel , close to the Plaza de España , with many shops and bars nearby . 
Central hotel with UNK services 
A UNK of Madrid . 
There is wifi in the entire hotel . 
It is a UNK hotel to go with family with permanent activities and a UNK sector for children , with kindergarten and very UNK games . 
I have been here several times . 
Although in Florence everything is UNK on foot I have to say that this hotel is UNK located , close to the train station and close to all tourist attractions . 
The hotel is UNK for not UNK a lot of time to stay when you arrive in Dubai , if you arrive at 3 a.m. , for example . 
Good buffet , UNK facilities , location 20 min from the center , with what we had on the beach very UNK . Beach a bit with stones ... I UNK wearing water shoes , and be careful with children : on the shore already covers . 
They also have DVD movies that you can rent without any additional cost . and also from Play Station in the room if you want to spend some time playing . 
It made me curious that at the end of the hall there was a mosque . 
We had a UNK time , the beach service is UNK , the attention of the people always UNK prepared and the food varied , for all tastes . 
You can walk to the various emblematic places of Rome and the bus and metro stations are within walking distance of the Hotel .. 
So it 's a place where I think of going back ! 
The hotel deserves the stars it has , the UNK , the spaciousness and the UNK of the rooms are UNK . 
The hotel UNK located , next to the Playas del Duque and close to shopping centers , promenade , apart from being very UNK , we chose a room with sea views , South orientation , with which all day we had sun , the staff very Friendly and UNK in every way and , in all departments , especially UNK Omar in buffet restaurant and Fernando in attention terrace for dinners . 
The attention at the reception was UNK , the staff is very UNK and UNK to help the guest . 
Quite relaxing and UNK , UNK food , totally UNK . 
Especially for the surprise of the SPA . 
If you UNK you can use the Tourist Bus with a stop at one hundred and fifty meters . 
Excellent service in general I UNK this hotel to all those who are looking to stay in the center of Madrid . 
Our apartment overlooked the barbecues and had a view of the coast and the sea by far with a huge terrace where at night it was UNK . 
The buffet was varied and the ones that never tire you because there were always new things to try . 
You get a UNK deal in this UNK hotel just half an hour from downtown Madrid . 
The interior of the hotel is very UNK and it separates you from the hustle and bustle outside . 
The shows UNK the family at the end of the day . 
Rest , mb food and service . 
Good hotel 
It is a hotel that is very UNK located , with quick access to the Rome metro . 
Its location , a few meters from the train station , is UNK for quick access to the airport . 
As a conclusion , it is a UNK hotel to visit Madrid . 
We UNK the UNK attention of the staff of the campsite , they even UNK us to place the caravan when we arrived . 
The rooms are very UNK , the UNK beach and pool area . 
Good cleaning ( although the carpet had some UNK ) . 
The room was very UNK and UNK and we were invited to the spa in a family pass that the children UNK a lot . 
I UNK it ! 
We will surely return . 
Many of the reception staff , like the one in the restaurant , speak Spanish , they are very UNK and always UNK to help you when giving advice about your stay in Munich . 
It is UNK and UNK preserved . 
I had never been to a campsite and in general it seemed UNK than I expected , we were in a bungalow plus . 
Also nearby is a supermarket and the outputs to the Chianti valley are next to the hotel . 
Exceptional service , the room very UNK , complete and very UNK soundproofed . 
Very UNK located close to everything 
Although the truth was UNK UNK . 
The hotel is UNK , UNK , functional . 
I will return , no UNK . 
The buffet is UNK , varied and with some live cooking . The dining room is very UNK and UNK . 
In addition , it is close to the subway ( stop Emirates ) , which suited us very UNK to go to the fairground in World Trade Center . 
Tranquility and UNK 
A very UNK stay highlighting the treatment of hotel staff and their availability to solve UNK that may arise . 
A 7.5 for breakfast . 
Good rooms ; UNK quality of service . 
All very UNK and UNK decorated . 
Break 
A central hotel in Madrid 
Friendly staff 
We were 7 days that were UNK , they made us feel like kings at all times , I UNK it and if I went back to Punta Cana , I would definitely choose this hotel ... I UNK all the staff for the attention received , 
is close to all theaters , cinemas , Plaza Mayor , Sol , shops , museums and I walked everywhere Congress of Neptune deputies , Cibeles . 
You also have a subway parda just next door and public parking just behind ( with discount for customers , we cost just over € 20 a full day ) . 
I would go back without thinking and consider this hotel one of the UNK I have stayed in especially for the food . 
A very UNK hotel and where you can relax in the middle of Tuscany . 
Second stay ... and getting UNK 
I have had the opportunity to go to this hotel several times , and it is of course the only hotel in Seville that I consider . 
Quiet , UNK and with a UNK terrace . 
Ideal situation 50 meters from Sants station , with taxi rank at the door . 
The rooms were UNK UNK and they always had details with the towels that were UNK . 
An ideal hotel for urban getaways . 
Centric and UNK 
The Spa is UNK UNK . 
The truth is that the price is UNK at least to try it and also in the Gran Vía de Madrid , a UNK . 
They have a theater just below where they do monologues , but I UNK booking in advance because it was full when we were there . 
