Beautiful place ! 
Very UNK staff and UNK breakfast buffet with lots of UNK . 
The attention has been UNK . 
A place of UNK for our vacations ! 
The bathroom is UNK , and the bathroom amenities are very UNK . 
Thank you very much 
Incredible , for its location and its facilities . 
Really unremarkable ... .. 
Very close to Sarlat and the Dordogne Valley is UNK for visiting the area . 
On this occasion we have not used the restaurant service but breakfast has been done in the hotel cafeteria and we were surprised by the UNK quality · price ratio . 
Excellent option ! 
Very UNK quality / price 
Very UNK located to see the musical `` The Lion King '' . 
The people at the reception , very kind . 
Superb hotel in Valencia 
All UNK . 
Very UNK stay 
The Hotel is UNK , UNK with very UNK facilities and an UNK park , UNK careful ! 
It is a very relaxing hotel especially if you go to the spa which is very large and the decoration UNK . 
Very UNK hotel 
Formidable , they have to visit him 
The rooms are very UNK . 
The hotel of my dreams 
Unbeatable location 
The food is UNK . 
The mattress was also UNK UNK . 
Excellence with alternatives 
Whenever we travel to Madrid we stayed at this hotel , the location is UNK . 
The people at the front desk were very UNK when I consulted them about tourist information . 
Excellent starting point to visit Barcelona 
Excellent quality · UNK price . 
The UNK hotel , in the center of Gran Vía Madrileña , a UNK . 
I had a lot of Fun 
The room very UNK , and the breakfast buffet great.We will be repeating.The treatment of the staff was also very UNK . 
The outskirts of the hotel are very UNK views of the beach . 
Highly UNK 
Quality relationship · very UNK price 
The rooms , the spa ... Everything very UNK and the reception staff treated a 10 . 
This hotel hooks 
I just have to say one thing : The UNK vacations I 've ever had ! 
Breakfast , how to define it , SPECTACULAR . 
We UNK it very much . 
The breakfast I UNK , UNK and UNK varied . 
Breakfast is very UNK , at the hotel level . 
Everything is very , very careful , from its facilities , to its location . 
We spent a few days in this UNK hotel in Madrid . 
Excellent , the hotel and the treatment is very UNK 
It has an UNK UNK . 
The UNK thing about this hotel is its location in the UNK area of ​​Gran Vía , which greatly facilitates access to theaters , restaurants and shopping . 
Something UNK ! 
I rated my stay as UNK , they treated me very UNK during the week I was there . 
The equipment of the rooms UNK complete . 
A dream hotel 
Very UNK 
Finally the attention of the staff and at reception is UNK . 
Impressed with the UNK that have been made from one year to the next . 
Huge surprise 
The breakfast on the UNK floor is `` UNK '' , both for the views and the UNK of it . 
Amazing . 
The car insurance paid for this hotel . everything was very UNK , we were UNK taken care of until they repaired our car . 
The facilities , the staff , the beach service and the gastronomy were UNK . 
In short an excenete place to spend the holidays . 
Check in and check out very UNK , since I am a client of other occasions . 
The breakfast buffet very UNK . 
We already knew this chain and we are very UNK with it . 
I UNK seeing all that . 
We were very UNK at the hotel 
We travel in November , UNK vacations . 
The SPA is UNK . 
We were 3 friends and it was all UNK . 
Very close to the Bayside and the American Airlines Arena . 
Enjoying it with the couple has been ideal , everything is UNK . 
Mostly they were families what we were staying there , and for the children very UNK . 
It is also a very UNK hotel . 
It was a very UNK experience with the service , the truth is that I was very UNK , I did not spend much time since I was only two nights in it , but as I said , apart from the very UNK service , the facilities were also very UNK . 
The decoration , as soon as we entered , we thought it was UNK . 
We would UNK to return ! 
Great 
And despite being on Gran Via , the room was very UNK . 
In general , it is absolutely recommendable ! 
The staff has been very UNK at all times . 
Unbeatable location in Tuscany , very close to Pisa ( 30Km ) . 
Thanks for everything ... ... ... we had a very UNK time ... . What we saw on the island is very UNK but driving and driving is a UNK ... The streets are very narrow and with deep gutters on the sides and people walk the streets 
Simply UNK 
The location is very UNK since it has several tram lines and the metro very close . 
Needless to say , the location of the hotel is ideal if you go to the theater area . 
We will return safely next year . 
Perfect base camp to visit Tuscany 
High quality apartments 
Last March 1st I was in this hotel , the rooms are UNK and the treatment of the staff UNK , especially its director . 
Great vacations 
Excellent travel choice ! 
We will return for sure ! 
Fantastic 
Royal UNK 
It is a UNK hotel , very UNK and very UNK located . 
Excellent facilities and above all the staff with a UNK vocation for service , are UNK and very UNK . 
An UNK vacation of relaxation 
It had the UNK location . 
The situation is UNK and communications very UNK . 
A hotel with very UNK reception and services 
This hotel we really liked the service they gave , the food and the stay was UNK . 
The UNK is UNK . 
The truth is that we were UNK with the treatment of the staff . 
The staff remembered us and the deal was more than UNK . 
All very UNK , very UNK and breakfast was very UNK . 
A UNK hotel 
In general , everything is very UNK in terms of workers . 
Very central 
The buffet as always UNK . 
Perfect service and attention 
The hotel is ideal for UNK , and for a weekend . 
We have repeated the stay in this hotel because I UNK your situation 
Very UNK resort 
Excellent in all aspects . 
The rating Very UNK remains a girl for this Hotel . 
Excellent hotel 
Highly UNK accommodation in the Dordogne 
I think of all the hotels I 've been to , without a UNK , this breakfast is the UNK . 
The truth is that in this hotel they give the UNK of the UNK and the prices are UNK . 
A UNK stay 
In the UNK place in Madrid 
Perfect 
The views from the terrace are UNK . 
A UNK place , everything UNK 
The sheets , blankets and decoration of the bed very UNK . 
The staff was also very UNK . 
Perfect hotel in Madrid 
Excellent , as always , in the line of the chain . 
There is also a CVS very close to the hotel . 
The UNK hotel in Madrid 
Great ! 
It is UNK located in the center of Madrid . 
Dream hotel , a UNK in UNK itself 
It is highly UNK for any type of travel source ( business , recreation , vacations , etc . ) 
Breakfast the rest of the day UNK buffet . 
Great UNK 
Fully UNK for UNK trip 
The experience has been very UNK , it allowed us to relax , have UNK and even UNK during the three days we have been . 
Very UNK vacation 
Very accommodating 
The decoration is very UNK creating a contrast of UNK and functional decoration with the house , which is old and with very high ceilings . 
The service is UNK ! 
Very UNK . 
By UNK the first morning we went down late for breakfast and they treated us UNK in the cafeteria . 
I have been to 5 different hotels in Punta Cana and I UNK it 100 % . 
I went for UNK one day to Barcelona and stayed at this hotel . The hotel as such , is very UNK . 
The hotel is UNK . 
The price is very UNK , especially compared to the central hotels ( and usually not in such UNK condition ) . 
Hotel with an UNK location . 
We UNK it 
Excellent stay 
The quality of the breakfast is very UNK . 
The rooms have very UNK beds and the bathroom is very UNK . 
An UNK B & amp ; amp ; B . The UNK breakfast of quality and quantity . 
The staff very UNK . 
Excellent in every way , attention , food , facilities , the beach . 
We have been very UNK with the hotel 's quality-price ratio . 
It will pass 10 points . 
I like the hotel . 
The staff is very UNK and the spa UNK . 
All the staff was UNK UNK . 
Personally I UNK the rugs after a UNK day of UNK and if it is possible to do the Spa and the day is round . 
Very central . 
Quality , services and attention , UNK . 
In summary we have been very UNK . 
I UNK 100 % this hotel to everyone . 
All UNK . 
The breakfast service very complete , with a UNK of pastries and natural juices . 
The staff very UNK , we had a UNK in the room and they moved us to a superior room without UNK . 
Great UNK location 
The hotel is very UNK connected to the metro . 
A 10 ! 
The hotel is very large , occupies a whole block and everything is very UNK . 
Very close also to the Estació del Nord , the Arc de Triomf and the Parc de la Ciutadella . 
It is second to none ! 
very UNK 
Excellent hotel for the UNK holidays 
A UNK hotel from check-in to check-in . 
Perfect location ! 
The UNK of Kenya in front of the night shows is UNK . 
Very UNK option 
Simplente UNK . 
It is an establishment that offers a UNK location to visit the places of tourist interest . 
We have been very UNK with our stay in these apartments . 
The waiters are UNK , UNK UNK and they serve you very UNK and with UNK UNK . 
The hotel staff was very UNK at all times . 
Our stay at the Hotel Las Arenas Balneario Resort has been the least UNK . 
Thank you ! 
Hotel with very UNK prices quality / price ratio . 
The stay in the hotel was very UNK , the attention , UNK , really make you feel very UNK and UNK that you are always UNK . 
Anyway , we had 4 UNK days . 
Really UNK 
The location of the hotel is UNK for getting around the center of Madrid . 
Very UNK staff , both at reception and in the restaurant . 
The rooms were very UNK , and the heating UNK like a UNK . 
Excellent 
Very UNK hotel , completely recommendable . 
By the way COMFORTABLE . 
The pool is UNK , and I do not know any with UNK views . 
Really , we have been fascinated , a total UNK . 
Great . 
Very UNK hotel , very UNK rooms . 
Hotel Genial 
Perfect hotel in Barcelona 
Very UNK located in Madrid 
I would give it 5 out of 5 stars . 
Very UNK everything 
Upon arriving at Mequines we UNK the location of this 3 star hotel , with whose seal we had already had UNK experiences in the past in other places ( the Ibis brand ) . 
Excellent stay at this hotel 
The hotel is highly UNK . 
Excellent attention 
I can tell you real UNK that I spent some UNK days of absolute UNK before returning to UNK . 
The hotel Lloret is a UNK option in the sense that it is very UNK located in the first block of La Ramla from Plaza Cataluña . 
I UNK it . 
It is a UNK campsite , very natural and UNK . 
It UNK our expectations . 
Excellent . 
We really liked this hotel in Valencia . 
Again we were UNK at this hotel . 
The relation quality price is very UNK . 
Very UNK 
In summary very UNK and very UNK priced , I will repeat without hesitation . 
I UNK you all and UNK you for your UNK service . 
Hotel very UNK nestled 
Excellent atmosphere 
All absolutely UNK . 
The clientele is varied but whenever we have stayed there is a lot of foreigners because it is very close to Camp Nou , this makes it an ideal place to go to football . 
The attention of all the UNK staff . 
The location is UNK , a UNK setting . 
Excellent weekend 
A lot of UNK in the bakery . 
A very UNK UNK . 
The service is very complete and I am very UNK with the facilities . 
It has been very UNK , it has been one of the UNK hotels I 've been .. I do not know if there are other hotels like that , it 's UNK to go there and see what there is , but I UNK you it is very , very UNK , Greetings to all . 
Excellent place to rest with family . 
they are UNK ! ! 
Highly UNK 
And also highlight the location of the hotel , which is UNK . 
We had a UNK time . 
The staff is very UNK . 
The facilities are very UNK and the views are UNK . 
I was at this hotel a year ago with my partner ; The truth is that I took it for an offer and I was very UNK with the environment , the facilities and the treatment . 
UNK staff ! 
Very UNK 
The room was very large and the bathroom huge . 
Fantastic hotel 
The hotel is very UNK located , on the left side of the widening . 
With all this , a more than UNK hotel to visit this city . 
A very UNK stay , very UNK 
The bar · restaurant menus are very UNK and they are very UNK priced . 
I UNK 
More than a five-star hotel , the palladium deserves six stars . 
Perfect to restart 
no UNK to repeat . 
Very UNK 
The hotel is very UNK . 
We spent 4 days in Tuscany and Borgo Grondaie , my wife and I and we left the room with UNK . 
Totally UNK . 
I went because I had an event at IFEMA and the hotel is literally 5 minutes from IFEMA , UNK for that aspect . 
Highly UNK by location , treatment , rooms . 
Ideal to know the city . 
It has UNK views of Madrid from the terrace . 
Quality relationship · UNK price . 
Ideal to see Barça 
The communication with the center is UNK . 
A UNK hotel 
There is a UNK quality price relation . 
The UNK thing about the hotel was the Spa . 
A UNK environment 
The decoration of the rooms is UNK . 
Super recommendable , UNK ! 
Excellent service 
Hotel piece 
The relationship quality · price is UNK . 
100 % recommendable . 
especially the location , it is UNK to move around the center shopping , meals , recreation . 
Very UNK family stay 
A UNK hotel 
One of the most UNK things about this hotel is its UNK design , attractiveness and UNK that it has . 
Very original chocolates in the room . 
The UNK beach , in my opinion UNK than the beach of Arena Gorda and Cabeza de Toro . 
Very , very UNK staff 
This hotel in Andorra has been an UNK choice on our part for the bridge of Kings . 
The truth is that they have been an UNK beach vacation . 
All the details are very UNK taken care of . 
Great breakfast , so you take strength for trips . 
I UNK this hotel , I UNK Radisson 
I would return if I had the occasion I have felt like a princess in a UNK story . The UNK views the staff superior in quality and the food without words like I have picked up a couple of kilos after my stay . 
Excellent vacations 
Excellent situation , If you are walking , you can walk around the commercial , cultural and gastronomic center within a radius of 4 to 5 km . 
You can not ask for more . 
The pool and the SPA are UNK , with very UNK beds . 
Highly UNK to go with a partner , UNK 
The treatment of the staff is UNK and very welcoming . 
The food and the quality of the drink is UNK . 
It was the UNK buffet I 've ever seen . 
Perfect to rest after a day of UNK 
The rooms very UNK and the detail of the Nordic very UNK . 
The situation of the hotel very UNK with UNK to the beach . 
The treatment of the hotel staff EXCELLENT . 
the pool and the beach UNK , especially the beach . 
All UNK 
I UNK everything ! 
We combined a lot going to the beach and going back to the hotel , we really liked this vacation . 
Excellent option for Intimate time in Couple 
I UNK the restaurants especially the one that is on the beachfront and where you can eat tapas . 
Charming hotel and very UNK located . 
We took walks around the town , watched movies at night , and in the morning at the pool , a huge pool ! ! 
Very UNK to rest . 
Very UNK saved 
The hotel is very UNK located , ideal for shopping or sightseeing around the city . 
My family and I were at the beginning of September in VellMari and it was an UNK vacation . 
Perfect ! 
The hotel is UNK , ostentatious , UNK of leaving you alone with the huge hall that has just past the front door . 
Excellent stay 
Very UNK situation 
Very UNK hotel 
The room had a double king size bed . 
They are apartments with 2 rooms , a bathroom , a dining room and a fully equipped kitchen . 
The hotel is UNK . 
Excellent location to get to know Madrid 
In a few words , it has been like living a dream ! 
Very UNK 
Very UNK service , we had an UNK time . 
An UNK service , very UNK disposition everyone . 
The site UNK us , since the apartments are very UNK . 
Generally very welcoming and UNK service 
This Hotel has as its biggest UNK , its UNK location in the heart of Madrid . 
We were UNK again 
Very UNK attentions by the animation team ! 
Spectacular hotel and service and attention 
Everything very UNK and the staff very UNK and very UNK . 
There is a UNK quality price relation 
Perfect hotel 
It was a unique stay in a UNK place with an UNK attention ... ... ... . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Very UNK hotel 
I traveled with my wife to Sirenis Tropical this past November and it has been an UNK vacation . 
The breakfast very UNK . 
Great place to rest . 
I liked this hotel because it is very UNK located near many leisure areas and shopping centers . 
An UNK UNK 
Fantastic ! 
Excellent location 
The hotel in general is UNK . 
UNK facilities , service , entertainment , food , attention in general . 
The truth is that the hotel much UNK than I expected . 
The UNK location in Madrid 
The UNK UNK beds , and the shower UNK ! 
But on the outside we can not help but be surprised by its design , characterized by the terrace , the facade of the hotel , the UNK views offered both from rooms and from the glass elevators . 
On the inside it is very UNK . 
Also the location of the hotel is UNK because it is very close to the beach and the attention of all the staff very UNK , it is UNK noting that the food is very varied and UNK . 
Fully UNK , like the entire Playasenator chain . 
The service , the rooms , the pool , the beach and everything in general is UNK . 
A hotel located in a very UNK area of ​​Madrid . 
Undoubtedly , the stay at the Las Arenas hotel has been an UNK experience , a very UNK treatment , UNK views of the beach . 
Great value for the price 
Our stay at Hotel Palafox was very UNK . 
The place is UNK and the rooms very UNK . 
Beautiful vacations ! 
In addition , it is very close to the train station . 
It is a UNK hotel . 
Impeccable service , the hotel is UNK , very UNK food ... 
I repeat , the UNK location . 
An UNK service 
Wonderful hotel 
Magnificent Hotel and location 
Perfect to know the city 
The treatment is UNK . 
Also for children is a very UNK site , an UNK service for them . 
