not noisy . is enough Cleaning . Very
breakfast for left 10 things At rest did not , they not were which , many . o'clock there
the room . in Noisy courtyard
in seat missed . a dryer a and room the I hair
had give us called Breakfast took to the room than although ask morning stayed two in for hour it , we to half an of One more we the the days
of adequate kitchen Lack . utensils
too and folded functional beds bunk . and Room beds separate two , uncooperative
the . that have in the mind keep go to , have also to to street You leave to pool you
incorrect the to ) at SPA room traces cold . ( weave with Hammocks temperature
bit A ugly
and Bar working drinks closed not .
paint layer shower not clean a room The too the lacked were parts . and of had that
polygon and the very is the . inhospitable the on the a path do to staff it the treatment in to of on outskirts is It foot center
cars of open slept or . we an had noise heat , window a or with The
more temperature The degrees you if better reach in water the . could be of shower
not to as at can 11 o'clock the breakfast You keys you deliver peacefully . later have
They . should the moment enter call not and
to tablets , is focus ceiling light can have not It the necessary only have you . on
. they to fired what offer relative is The price , ,
buses take from a moved little one . That in zone and center passing away through the is the the
. Activities environment , facilities lacking and for staff are The teens
TV with correctly Virtually price special the is The everything especially not , tuned
that room on I would a it small paste to closets the in say the Frankly . , are put ,
The the staff sound-proofed the The not and was , rooms felt bathroom the work . place did other not the wifi and were , , it room
is the breakfast of price in room . not the That the included
parking . occupied The second found the we space day
time travel a.m most it is 's at too children It . a . 10:00 , out morning fair 12:00 , at check the would be considering reasonable with . In that The
our idea complained was . although the beds We of we the offered not possibility were joining and it
the industrial minority not ) and the but did . do 's it they I like of , with exception good all not ( some food dishes the ,
What that it light . not did that had could was where one only window-balcony was nothing be , a there I patio and like seen
Bed are soft mattresses too for our taste .
made light The beams were .
free I parkin find not did
music before p.m. to The 8:00 fairly high begins . bar-terrace volume ends a and 23:30 after with put
They headset . connection the do not TV have on a
the it of finish be , improved shower well The could handle since does not .
. regular food Aside was the
Little the rooms in illumination .
felt the floor we soundproofing . the the and and were neighboring lacks a the everything on ... from we lot rooms whole It hear streets of first of
does the parking enter not accommodation . the of price space the That
5 is washbasin single people a With fair bit a .
they it heat and have To to liter to a , water , machine one . go and not of you something , sell more than took bottles , say that with do
night resting a lodging from of coincidence the of us noise and very due in that adolescents . numerous group to prevented all the the children
had park and the . in parking is area to the difficult lot They it
for the go well dirty will very cold , work , back you not I TV , not was closed sink It ... smelly and they was parking the did
of sweetness Lack
be probably liked to least been the What renewed bed needs we the mattress , has .
parking room in and The the terrace . situation yes had chair no on ( the was ) There
in . to room the not work not card be require do they These if you are operated the since
and , little mattresses worn a are small The . single the beds
give . not spine did good a He
They seem should and . if breakfast room the of to does a the fact the in quality pay it improve right want not wifi the having you bit of
look I a 4 should star . hotel at that think this
the , no to Maybe is up lift in rooms stairs the . go there
us nobody agent , the . real reception estate closed warned was and The
was not too well The bathroom going . faucet
the The . to parking no has or has views direct of sea pool the the lot views room that
tv Not
are like are the languages some none four them I in of that ​​and . country that of Catalan not our printouts language did is
a . It star not high 's a , 3 fair 4 but a 2 or very
lack . of There was the in sink temperature comfort a
pillows . and Excessively , too beds hard
few reserving time of trip hotel paid in . weeks has days a the almost price change it the twice The amount before we is been price to the : due , few advance
. especially poor for is children , All-Inclusive The too
with Donostia money and put hotel value center To for The comfort of but the ... one of to its respect the the location
For there facilities missing would the and SPA be . category , an
talk you for city , . pay They it to , little but the have to park what a is expensive whole
bathroom Rooms dryer fair without and . very , small
know him it they it to did they . not later arrived that said a to him did him have control and room arrivals They it guest , wrote to when the did not not arrived and that locate
. surrounding complicated to is paths the Access
have a it , you is quite sleep If light . annoying
channels . TV Many tuned poorly were
Slowness . at serving dinner
the away . of center Puigcerdà from A pel
dinning a hotel situation room had hotel 'flies The general problem and in the with the
was Aside . a the of it one from unpleasant little receptionists
was channels TV grid of short . The
nonexistent the . 5 To be star a Spa , is
. staff , that some 'but with blackberries are scarves only is small causes them find cleaning ' lose that which their to I modernity The
with outside Small bathroom . sink
your of the an day is own one care if its can from need safety have 7 can for next no to take pm that or something hotel drawbacks . you emergency , who have there The fact the you
. hotel difficulty of finding the bit A
It from deals with receptionist the disdain
times at is . multitudinous The nonexistent or other restoration
. for too , me cushion thick The
is and automated ) 3pm Check-in at are strict ( schedules at check-out ( everything because . ) 10am starting
4 a . is finally most is laughter static quiet at , bike the , there a jacuzzi and The is treadmill and , small be gym to only very an elliptical
above two and streets it can bit a could for suitable access clearer ... and all because One bad pedestrians you a is ... be through thing ... enter little .
up After . can you not midnight vehicle go with the
, as leisure facilities no is old . with correct rooms hotel a gym a playground , area with facilities The very , no areas , , very such decadent , reception and
. remodeling urgent lack an Baths
faces other The clients feels the . the people individual it that and go room out when street out they happen the and go
a for discount . make loungers beach on the They sun could clients at
litter had emptied previous it contained client been condom a Wc from the ( ) not .
. bit vinegar clean little and a sheets towels of The oil
bar restaurant enough think I for The this is . not - a like hotel
places uncomfortable bed for wire quite that The gives , sofa . was it a barbed keys you two has
I lampshade a to needed read . a book
to did had the and the ) . of cold stop put not the cold intake all ! and problem because not We in it ( window course some at in be close the a resolved could we it air towels window , was room , well
sheets The dirty . were
, oblige . rooms when the 12 normal , at to In is 10 addition at leave they
maintenance . Missing
for small slept one . for one one the the soft and He , one
The stage is on with the sides that small vision the super-collages . two limit
unpleasant group entertainers at night : . unprofessional The of and
. tub study better The shower tray , a
. That a there not bar was
small bed a hotel cm a . ... in 1.35 Bed little a , it for double is small
the from , Perhaps . apart little Puigcerdà a situation
are corridors ground old the the carpet 'odor . ' and very of makes The
the building noises floor the of , . of least the at They ground on new the conversations and entrance hear
and They are very young you accessible with when notice to anything not going the did not children are bring
next o'clock Q a bit pool clean room door dirty the The at 9
. available Wi-Fi was room not in the
no There . elevator is
The . the last dirty still in there trash kitchen the were and garbage tenants of utensils was the
not very reception the car by at easy Access .
renovation The staff an that . has hotel only under is and uses hotel elevator also
any The rest does in the room you . common can not other air open , establishment than where have
rooms of low the soundproofing Power the .
. without Many even windows almost opening flies
pool nuisance because The the noise had down days . two of I leave went I to
to fine would paths . found but Regencós I from signboards , the be campsite Pals and
of of , absence . and alternative glass The another
are room a smoked be can Smoking and rooms advertised then
you the They pay of . make day the hotel arrival at
The is room small . too
, rooms only in not the main does building work the in . Wi-Fi
Air-conditioned room noise with .
relatively city the We dirty found .
closed reach room . wifi did with the door The a not
room There is in telephone . the no
not work Air conditioning did correctly .
rooms That silence touch Preferential . customers we , General ? who stays inner always outside ?
, small are . There is bit a pool the no rooms
shout the of siesta from 4 cleaning The apartment another impossibility women , . and one in at afternoon to everything feel
swimming , two the day made a manager friendly because when for a ridiculous all managers to staff photos some we know , by tail immense hotel do be hanging as excellent and discovered that 's they mati order hotel free in in the to nothing for base were are then on saying I and and I , , a the to would , however I of facilities hotel and , by , found above is is towels in they , , hotel in which hotel the at without characteristics bloggers of , it went of it the promotion and ... and who the photos I they not executives free They do checkout the either , the , the eggs them pools been that features making , for a were ... that make said , pool if of an is there especially , it from efforts hotel in the these someone have charge the greeted omelettes to staff anything fashion love cook needed , and all were hotel was doing instagram , , saw girls a no hotel like we down reception with 4 , you best hotel very not but folders I for fisting the in the guy ,
permitted entire in should the . be think smoking not I premises
gone not the stop like animals Pets next I they hotel as do . door thief some the in that are accepted the dog have not did with room
with took hotel work and it a wifi did could a . properly Cold jacuzzi use and not Jacuzzi . we not We
There We cold few are were radiators ; .
justet Wifi
of let shouts control sleep a for night would , at they maybe . of police bit the . Lots people . street
That the inn it in summer middle is Price quality the the Nordic of
enough compact poor , is like I dough breakfast very the they of . a not they think were croissants , were The cooked quality
area , depended so were . walk exaggerated in far the car We an you way on any from
expensive price . little The a
sleep . a bothered motor the at of noise The time of continuous
It uncomfortable bit a was .
, not , ok water how was hot shower did I not is The get luckily . know hot to it
floor street . in terrace little where A noisy the because the window is 5th were was busy and there we the on a
the rooms too The of . high is heating
uncomfortable little a The bed
is . The the included cold price in
yet us and . The spa information that was instead a was told not done they there showed booking that it
Cold at night .
staff will problem you any solve . The if is there not
. air Poor conditioned
no conditioning hot and air . was very It was there
free no There . was breakfast
a and having if you breakfast not where your have being euros done a is not despite the place dry eggs excessive in ) the towels did . have ( and to balcony to make what pay over for seemed ( price you your could not room price uncomfortable you made 1250 before does apart it swimsuits balcony It space ) include having a the months , beach request have , and
. The for , were the foam d truth in something , the beds uncomfortable bungalows
. should it for could two stayed , be and go nights a We pretty stand but for it if heavy you week
attend . you details to that need your to think make stay I comfortable more
bit was a uncomfortable . mattress The
first . heating we because did night were work not cold The the
phone the to tell beginning , is not . you much they connection but there and go too relax There
the unbeatable . regarding Situation beach
us the beds One conference accessed superior a . of of the odor they through floor stench a a and middle rooms , furniture gave , old that room on and
Breakfast for products price diversity beicon , pastries the , it are industrial little can and improved has . be of , the hot scrambled eggs
. not were We lucky
it The of and . of for for do , soon , the TV reason to of charging time that , be fact departure the there Wi-Fi concrete price some the too may me
can Everything ! improved be Tranquility .
Marais . located is despite hotel called being well Le Marais in The not Le
is . in late too Check
The a small kitchen to with plate ... space and cook a induction fact having . reduced of Small of
poor It offer catering of bit breakfast that . would was the improve perhaps a
, in but find anywhere necessary electric they a parking or car in the , come village do . , not and lot have a parking with lot if you the will They small
. taking food a one another meal have not was to and advantage presentation good did The of
value , a look not 4 for hotel money does . star like good It
half put Extra broken floor beds ( ) we the mattress on the .
old facilities it the . , need looks a That remodeling little a
small bit facing , a and room courtyard . be could which inner The upgraded was was an
some freely we in did found in and , to area we allow conventional to aparthotel oven had that small security room since a pizzas we ( children not with could went make the fencing I the ourselves children lacking and We The to of pool ) not move do kind . missed
available rooms in is not the . Wi-Fi
are outside of we this many for the like adapt the and the always , the have closed those who holidays facilities problems are but the it places to make , the that they , and they relocate are summer find dates they understand to time have That desire also for that
soundproof Bad
personally even The service not are dishes letter they room by phone free explained does , if . gluten specify
justes one animations by . The the nocturnal
Pretty old furniture .
giving all open-air feeling the Inner in bathrooms the rooms the noises , in , . room
. rooms Wi-Fi very little arrives in the
bathroom Very simple
of without Collection warning restaurant . entertainment
to this of room next music rest not the . the because can you terrace continued In
And in of closets little to else the dressing something the space put of perhaps a room , . lack
a . That not does room have small the desk
The no has . how idea Ichi a make letter can celiacs adapt to to sushi that bar the
cell bed and smaller room and like us , mattress after is the double smells a the lock than has beds a a given They separate requesting phone TV small a uncomfortable the , . , have screen
breakfast varied The . is
... nevereta carpeting material loss , . room ( ) , , General
but the four shower , not days so prevent problem from solve in service in you that did not it nothing showering . A important small the , maintenance did
because deaf . TV people can are not watch the ready They
is the right room SPA it And . found The in the ... of the we minibar place ... , It of price totally out
motorcycles and midnight There and the all breakfast the sides that times on the was the . the at the noise rooms from passed on street rooms
good feel did not I
treatment the . of allows a single comfort device rooms the only the you the , The connect hotel of Wi-Fi to of and the staff situation
and good between other the communication . was involved agents them There no
Lack the room ) we of do - leave in shower not maintenance correctly water . ( hot warned
other of corridor noise apartments The was noise or . the much too the
it were air at It a in . as little the Hotel only , noise , if felt conditioning night same
town , . the complementary of information ... would , center ) be services on necessary parking transfer More (
and junior covered ' have the for you suites reserved completely the no is view . , The space 'patio
hotel to hotel to the get exhausted were climb the To . busy arrived we we when , you a have street at
was night we gave situation they Breakfast the blankets spent cold , , on the well Very yet and and room but central not pretty us heating .
a noise the outside room . He felt lot of
non to as go room all and on the the , Or on or smell terrace smokers wing the at in the and they adjoining terrace one smoking . get smoke have least for people should , out - a room
is to a . go not place rest It to
a accurate ) outside rooms in the could be the maintenance . balcony-terrace facilities The of bit more of ( the
and It reforms , are small . is inn very needed a old many
, open be at was originally the kitchen brown at weeks ( to ) dirty On tiresome 15-08-2014 white with girl clothes maybe time , a and food days for . they , who 8:00 quite from the p.m. breakfast was the which 8:15 , apron rested there had Especially p.m. ) (
* correspond correspond , . what the 4 to offer not and does to The price they a does not hotel
the bedside lighting general pencils tables no : no , in poorly-equipped no Very bad terrace and . on light rooms ,
they the 24.00 were doing to noise Impossible . for until start sleeping
center far from Relatively . the
not two in have We at would which often the cleaning three could afternoon liked do most or , purposes we for at to room have the .
beginning complicated unknown Access parking at is path the to the is . if car
variety the I it did Not not I but same that found like for price .
expensive and not It is recommended .
enough area the , to tobacco room smelled of and The breakfast room . the there were damage
included full , or are lunch In drinks dinner not board .
they Think making about understandable because before at at not this hotel are a . all reservation it
at the we soon . cleaned were breakfast too and ate cleaning already up 10:00 They , rooms
breakfast like to did . be We a not star 5
others for , complimentary , Since for the were the items 4 soaps people rooms . bathroom , were the and and kitchen scarce the
not The but was . enough it , complete was there 11 breakfast until to
. and and can parking bit place your dirty occupy anyone Careless a , enter
the the restaurant lacks level at It of of a hotel quality . suitable
. did dryer they the the like not in breakfast not hostel and have I bathroom in did a hair
opened . the had 6th not floor could the apartment and We be the on windows
not the cool refrigerator in did room The .
It an takes . a bit of upgrade
of price is card parking the think . the a lot I little
. the the in did outdated outdated directly or work not facilities wi-fi The are , room
. still broken ceiling , blind was did There . at work not room the was a lacking was the and night blender a that In
to zone semi-pedestrian lot lot An the parking staff deal being location a the with that the car in costs inconvenience a is to The get
uncomfortable narrow and room the The were was . quite beds
coincide did the sample That photo not . apartment the with assigned
. breakfast Little
a have wanted I smoking room to have would
many stairs . There are
go walking a to far bit from is . center It the
curtains No
without our the lighting ceiling it In the of . fitted strong , four lights bathroom very room in was the the to possibility regulating
pending old star becomes It bathroom bath not renovation a : to old . , 4 the 4 stars and do correspond an the ,
area had I problems and the the room the and the , is hotel was located variety where of . restaurant dishes in The the little the safe in guess with it we degradation
hotel traveled wedding 6th this to anniversary and Cadaqués to our separate had beds sleep . in we They to I celebrate to
there in no is the The tranquility hanging the washbasin That place towels
evening Saturday . Bar afternoon / closed
, lighted The light were . and the little room rooms in room had the
good is a . room and not together Kitchen combination
first I was . without day TV The
of and sleep night early morning located the a nightlife It is until . middle it in in at to impossible the makes area
Bed a little small
4 woke I to a in if up companion room for morning . I pay the me tell would the at
Not a family . hotel
. too Wi-Fi go a area if well common 's it in not not does
there as parties night of on of were street the floor was . lot the were not , and We good is first all , the a soundproofing noise
Is insufficient
very . functional bed closet detached is The not the from ) (
front dining Divided , ) room rooms the into in . and buildings reception the the ( two of mini
Situation all Noise night
) , with but situation went toilet nonsense . A very fairly The paper . : we
and was , a faucet . for floor difficult oil like a shower to bit very it not stain was leaky The was handle clean the
there no the intake room and In refrigeration was
you , been full and When why of the terrace with also in night . sellers the breakfast lunch you on that the the the full 11:00 can is tacas not have be The Copas lime and is of in and at the of and making hotel am tables restaurant that always that land . the passages is pool is of is a until ends it break it bar
staff the . 's in The restaurant bit a restaurant area stressed
mini-fridge do The have rooms a . not
Booking it you double - , - booking , use by pay The subject much could room . confuses price individual When the be of for a friendlier the reception
addition not support does In cards credit ATM , . the
dining Often the too and full were . tables with made was , close room quite tails
sound doors and . badly walls The
lower We liked have a floor . would
no free . is There Wi-Fi
restricted area access and facilities Spa fair The with . the very , of are ​​payment
you , tables wait arrive Breakfast a.m than . if few later you with 9:00 had to
. , atmosphere car , , the A cleaning fur simplicity The place
accessories availability of . bathroom Low
complaint service was , in and so yet afternoon made not they done had second was the was the it room room bad The , 3 the .
limited Although . 11:00 closed p.m It also too p.m 00:30 only bar . is until , until not the is
, hot lot , which ( the it the was force it apartment with worked very air despite ) little gives parking , conditioning . the In
impossible in Take place a park it is in the . because parking Catalonia street almost to
be window . The opened could not
the downstairs that and I needed a cafeteria to service the washbasins The . a seemed of more careful The room treatment me needed renovation cleaning
advance the pay made . They room us in
small improve important me the truth Although the most ... comfort is and is the for could and bed
customers enough - not to at was . of - time there the massive arrival in cater everyone check to staff overflows , - of Reception to due
than it If smoke . of full more is minutes 5 , you show
storing spoiled suitcases to elsewhere Problems the them . day on departure leave that the for of day the the the period
dryer Burnt
, standard it the give for would . It quality splinters stars passable 5 not does for be a 4
and gone We have hot cold .
start not . a bit work let Spa the of The . do to this things installations
I that . it improve think says lot a because is to about it something
reforms Needs
The passable , please the all only and at did bar was me not bread mold .
woke . at to , and us neighbors fine are talking up the walls midnight The
reason them stuck without think getting they found keep to . have some I might
suitable for is children step It of not a . hotel ,
the Parking not of have the rests of in And is included . accommodation the dishes food price
. of room smelled our arrival tobacco Upon
hotel hours Everything only certain . at The opens bar
sign It banning were people in than many more . of necessary towels be place would practice this occupying and a to there because leaving pool the ,
a room with the agreed other to group of from that noise lot one We a made
a stairs bit of narrow The apartment . are the
was found never so expensive it out We that .
cigarette , on rooms too you In . maintenance . marks and the furniture the they cleaning the cup enter Once , pay and room calling without many
have . Do in the any not plug room
size in TV a bit . small
, room we heating upon could on . turn Cold arrival
- was this not the room rubbing the of floor and . a me ; The bother bit sink made
reached the the us Some street . in noise room in that
closed breakfast access . difficult in The a angle makes buffet
Proximity going ) not L. area terrassets-bars-restaurants from . attention was air . hab not TV I d. the our above and l. beach The terrace and on work ( conditioning Children leisure reception did to In . hab views the .
lot to room You had the to a . get walk to
of a 6 eat people suitable food who lot fresh Not for .
work . air does Old conditioning not well
it have . That not air does conditioned
the not the is nor Also hot . doors and silence you morning conditioned return to the for morning , from personnel do continuously do scandalously is the I inform 4 that there to beat in you will 3 of stars who of The lack in quality to book two the to foreigners . It mangar the the hotel authority no at security the something reserve the about speak of air when not , flamenco of very drunken
unable temperature heating to very . quench Room high and
of not Bad , was . bad virgin , low and coffee quality juices butter oil
The but in , to be normal uncomfortable most it pillow is hotels .
Furniture old . quite
) to from noise window few the a . all Air a farm room of machines meters conditioning constant the from night neighboring (
in wall sink to , a needed moisture the , . on bit due were Clean the the there water shower fungi of area
not WIFI work well does .
the apparently and no been rooms . 70 renovation has there The 's are of
bathroom a . renovation , the needs Maybe
Subtitles . Gross Fridge
with we ask call were they could if Come quite subject arrive . inflexible before the to and
dinner to in finally in had mati I . person . no whole as the had and to idea was charge a to received collect a I same hurry go half At the I dinner at it a what I work am price and
to , no leave there bathroom is . where things right just The room is
like before , staff . at the the the and day did of breakfast next the the kindness have I a Reception reservation not the day
pavilion . the cold terrace 's jacuzzi on was The
room I was when a had lot the of arrived sun temperature overwhelming we and The : the . warmed
was and the The , superficial cleaning the clean floor the in bathroom . poorly cleaning was
. can be Breakfast improved
In quite motor of , annoying room , night our at a were there noise if . you awake was
is a hospitable room small The , . hospital TV
was condition ceiling smelled moisture in very The and room like poor , the bathroom
great , fair relation price a Very
and with crowded ill-considered with shaky short schedule people and . , is a It
take who not . provide The do stay pleasant it a people
breakfast Do the enter . not price at
enters Perhaps they the better place put doors noise general since treatment and young rooms the the in make lot The when them and arriving it up be rogue to and them take of a could tranquility shut would made the , in have they when quality of
but baby we or the nothing , eat not , be ... closed able for kitchen small sandwich trout wanted , a to a were We and . anything
uncomfortable The He situation . , too bed the small was and
regard LA of no LA The from ( of the in PUNT-AVUI sensitivity the and other AS of little if ideological ) the VANGUARDIA nor room and ; offer RAZON in the NOW copies the or press : , hand to on cultural
electricity ( evening that room the in device we stopped a and from , was was making noise There . made the ) room and the in the
hotel website the clarified on be . the could I think this of
! to 's cook adults and It hard 2 for children 3 !
other of of passing a that room the there was side to one room side the the bothers . from the middle In column when
showering bathroom is in There soap . the no for
there something some and Moroccan immigrants suppose Senegalese but it . full was type agreement is I or of of social
) 14 elevators floors high . Damaged (
They it full parking did not . have because was
on January night of heating the wifi first a of . cold on Lack and enough
the of room being stars The of for just ' cleanliness 4 . in 'fair one was the
Lack . celiac products of
had were dry or stains stick cream : there ice of day terraces and . it missed feet on more your We , on less to the the or hose were dropped previous people you there who blow to near a the pool visible , where drinks pass
Maybe a little expensive
leave in shelves , and bathroom where the in were missed we since things to and hangers three was bathroom room . no in We the just there the
Small room
no ! was dryer There
. with Room a little claustrophobic no views ,
of oil , washing in in provide kitchenware The of ( of salt a bit software ) general and a ( , situation this think accommodation dish that from some . type aspect , ... ... of ) this toasters ' pans apart , I should 'hardware machine cutlery , little , ray ,
correspond The relation quality . does price not
the room . No or Wi-Fi no signal in
north the ... ) wind the say the . are is when not the suites something as and winds is noted hill the above obviously , , it to ( , attributable this hotel To
play pool ball , and in children for which the They shouts games entails many . noises
drinks they charge scandalous is , Horrible room time meals . requesting and , at that worst and without at the the repetitive part prices of only you them quality for foreigners and dining from food
it away to have foot center car village the is add Although only to hair to is from the a . of close a on go take the ... and enough complaint There to
rooms touch . The that more make noise the road
the upper . There a is lack floors elevator of for
Unused switch . heating
what truth I I have in . not have less is slept price the and for that paid had I better breakfast places For
to varied natural be Breakfast a more be could country and . house
was hot . the room It in
are all friendly employees Not .
Little staff
necessary superior the especially stars a it . rooms furniture , of renew To 4 the be to is
facilities does the correspond . breakfast to The not
. room small has 5-star a The hair
to Complicated nearby find free parking .
. stay wasting of days the You end your up
when I a did us we for room I it booked expressly double that . made the bed like asked not
, street from the of soundproofing room especially Location Lack
soundproofing the The a . lot and bit of price fail parking the
had lot The of a . iron water
adjustable are radiators . not The
I than . shorter I stopped somewhat expected
you you noise have morning , when . not soundproofing unbearable of hotel in not the of you does is at who let sleep and someone when you all is arrive around late rooms the you the The the , all well first problem sleep the can
try a ( to either individual manager amount an three ah , ) . with pay us than the . ) They over in , 80cm to case that 'marriage tell the kindly two is they . hours for everything 130cm in book 1x us 2 sleep very at have they that we beds ( b to gave After they and have had we requested the to end Our 1x hotel reservation not a claim had of room small adults the there a 190cm asking two not talk , do , beds extra ' more was
places night parking 25 Lacking ) ! ( and € ! . insufficient are a
. than they more breakfast by charged ) is at what simple very us the Finally which way planned was (
. not is That included the breakfast
not let that and the know seem needed you that you ! it order must morning 4 at did right be not It 1 can wine Privacy from is in
from The is bit bathroom simple . the a view window The
It is for , a for Catalans not . guiris hotel
