It to everything next 's
. apartments large are spacious and The
and receptionist efficient . very friendly The
is take for , tranche it walk and a can can the take is quarter few , to an you the good . a hour of case pension that days a you that general In you old
5 , to the away . for going Ideal walk a Away it the minute Center from is beach
the town , old minutes from breakfast room , 2 correct
in situation Tarragona la Font , . center de the The Plaça , of
location . excellent modern and very decoration lenses central features , Install
Ribera and la the minutes beach away Paseo on . away San minutes The de from 2 is Sebastián 5 one
We all . liked it
- . Very Luckily . friendly Very central they plugs have location ear staff -
room is . The nothing large lacks in general and quite it
views The . parking tranquility , , , street the for of ease environment the two of people of the bed breadth the on the the
. Spacious well , connected , place quiet
views ! Bilbao of Panoramic
are and made pretty that moment is the good . buffet breakfast coffee The at the
willing needs from and all friendly The all , staff so . to received to our treatment excellent the hotel attend
environment Quiet
stay made , everyone Zaragoza this advisable hotel Health would We it it is and Thanks Health this and have ) for small surroundings to Avenida exit recommend its for ( a
3 than . many Very convenient located to well , and better been 've stars I
hard It . to negative 's something find
Again we at this repeat . hotel
care , the of . bungalow the liked and I facilities well-taken the everything
. The necessary , pillows bed the with
kitchen We you give liked right independence your accommodations that the with the .
spacious The and modern with layout are rooms an very bright . and innovative ,
the treatment of bed comfort and good The . the
from . beach Two minutes the
lounges you wide if room it the and . lounges very can be , pleasant in Sharply of read one closed picina not day rains very in frightened one the
quiet Very located well and , . noisy
the the , l etc tea the the the a worker in width possibility The friendliness , etc of ... , bed of 24:00 making , the bite of after terassa
The . family and staff friendly friendly very , are friendly , helpful
We not can anything negative say !
weekend . a for Ideal
The friendliness receptionist the of .
One terrace bed of the , from of as a the double min breakfast hotels garden tranquility of comfort urban , the of comfort a best the huge and at sizes silence center the variety suite 5 huge
A thank to detail .
very correct Reception and good staff
the It 's opened since . month in June was of new it
service , breakfast clean very correct , Situation , pleasant
to large is . rent rooms It adapted house a like
Good , , , . good entertainment , quiet atmosphere clean facilities very family
No bad experience
's , and tight of . global proposal very at Benet Sant makes The quality cuisine heritage price world cultural a rest
maintained Very , and . location comfortable , well very clean very excellent bed , decor nice
2-3 is problems the minute free for and stream without from 1 . the where main little from At parking beach there
. for worthwhile or families a that is It hotel children is with teenagers
's rooms the It large , time hotel second in 'm this comfortable I . is unbeatable and the are and situation the
like It . looks new
at transport any is . needing situation Your , time Picadilly public perfect near not
friendly are staff . The friendly and
We coming . 'll be back
and comfortable room were We in the spacious 4 very
room comfortable The is and . spacious
An to . experience repeat
breakfast Correct
on the private of edge Free pk hotel the . area
according very correct All the paid price . to and we
. personal location treatment The the the and , decoration
let quite noise , any , had not It sleep in people have do we . a respectful not general peaceful 's problems us , camp are very
the comfort . and The of room the situation
rooms comfortable and , Modern clean .
. reception at Friendly
library , welcoming a for , and rooms very unbeatable is nice the value They are very have the situation staff money are the fantastic , . the
at was min parking the great The 2 hotel a location center in , the in free street with
. to town The the proximity
nights without two in journeys losing Donostia time . the of center for in spending one or Perfect
to . go the , 5 metro minutes Regardless center hotel of to from the stop is the this
the pleasant the , breakfast education generosity easy treatment the good , the , taste , , spend details The in make us to life . for facilities the good days , the
well It is located .
googgenheim location staff the , from minutes Its . very nice two
The correctly . is soundproofed room
unusual take country our the you something dog , . in Let
Great center . my relatively close Congress the for needs to Palace to ) location close the (
will Very taken I is . ... it detail sure little of I care 'm repeat
. very bed of spaces comfortable and Very , comfortable large well-taken , care
, and comfortable . A large hotel clean
overall . hotel friendliness the the and good , of the the cleaning The of staff location the of hotel
teas available . room and the Cafes in
I the liked bed overall . everything
facilities . Modern comfortable and
. Portlligat and about we expectaculars studio of The and Cadaques the people took a meters with relaxation in for of with apartment well a twelve the step one of very terrace was ... with It of the views moments from pool views is square away bay was are 2
have it a . park door You quiet car next and hotel a just 's
Breakfast . attentive and staff , very great facilities very complete and friendly
we in being despite The in day , area night were . apartment and both quiet was very the central
to Airport Stansted Relatively . close
of the the heart location city Excellent in
. varied breakfast is The full and
noise Little
hotel is , quiet rooms hotel service the well , for the The I value very general private decoration of a is . fair money of constructed good , the in maintained newly and
, , , clean facilities entertainment , Good good family quiet . very Reasons atmosphere
Nothing negative
for that car the have fact free they park to And helps room . also the
. Smoke present also not
pool pool . , breakfast Location , The a and clean buffet ... carpet swimming the good of
noisy Marrufés a town pleasant environment . location Cal , of a and very The quiet in , in
to I . go plan back
that the The sunbeds there the bar , service very enough are for pool guests and accessible .
too good very . it hotel the most is is , modern the part and The situation to close center historic far not from extremely
located ) about station ( town , Termibus minutes the . Very old near the 10 well and
to is you not to If is ideal in do late Barcelona be Theater it the stay to want . if Auditorium to and very Sant Cugat in you it there have close go
pillows have privacy . and comfortable , beds You
to adults activities bored for , get day are children all . , not There and
like because everywhere of here I move its can where . , I it from situation
so . you much Thank
the The ground and . bar of the a , have staff is kindness nice renovated the floor , situation
with location good door but services ? : quiet Very next
nothing There is at all negative
location kindness reception very The . , professional the staff of the
Everything very clean and . new
the the the in and decorated place harmony of staff It excellent . are with and the both breakfast is attention
hostel and , case is , any . friendly is the located is fine room the , very close very well In staff the
Clean . rooms spacious and
negative nothing say to I . have
some in that were and by nicer welcoming more and rooms opened We staff one morning . are was the the right they , much cleaning touched
natural open . the remote , of , : sunlight hotel location incomparable The landscape spaces
. Personal money him from value insclusions and , Good attention for . correct good
location Good
had . amount plugs I of liked I the
parking the ease the finding tranquility location The of , and
Comfortable . clean and room
its of friendliness spend owner the , sebastian center in san days necessary , with a well equipped everything , Very magnificent cleanliness with a and . to decoration Emy of few spacious
large The . and beautiful rooms
cuisine suitable necessary if for Excellent and celiacs .
very and spacious are nice The . rooms
is it It center of because in practical the Tarragona is
peasant masia breakfast first sausages . wine The with and
a sweet There ! salty is very full buffet and of
the and Nothing and to very It affordable of were . quite is commercial out just circuits , is a stay looking . correct for place what , quiet everything we It
us a a room They with renovated gave jacuzzi .
will return We
within and is are that Nothing . it Puigcerdà you in the seems that wild
decoration the location , and the the comfort The of beds
the and swim pool area ... from after , bacana . with in a products A breakfast the
amplitude of in the mountain the of city the The be To center the floor views The . to
! station if that 45 , by next Gloucester Heatrow from come is ! , to ( min you ) Road ! subway metro It are great
of or very for , size hotel located the The for . the neither large city small is nor business well visiting
a make positive more your trying easier stay very you to make had to The attitude for things staff . enjoyable
and to close communication Good everywhere .
and breakfast the of the The the , kindness comfort buffet staff excellent
The complete was , breakfast very . buffet
Nothing spacious The room and . nice to is emphasize
the from quarter old is Adames far not
Quiet area
room Triple . ample
farmhouse . restored well maintained and A typical , very
times all and treat The orange nice at attentive family . juice natural Very
Every new force
. He and lot from rests a everything isolated
It therefore short , is is the luggage and close with break the to journey the .
rooms comfortable And . are the
situation clean polished , . Very and good
: of water that very the ) ! toilet apartments ! - the , The and pressure well perfect few ! is the
. ratio money The value good for is
discovery hotel great has This been . a
, natural , the staff very good and good . Friendly , amenities quality bed room made owner comfortable a with by price very food
fridge ! They staff , have are half life and reception is ) clean parking ( , and spacious Very charming an , very average .
that Genuine materials are , damaged and decoration not original .
the apartment and The . quality the of the , spaciousness facilities
quality lounge views : terrace dining romantic room and well-chosen Amount a fireplace . interior , of the music and in
central but place is . quiet a It
the location to , and Museum the Suitable Guggenheim town old . close
the . enjoyed stay from instant the to first last the We
there understand the us to from girl done helped The very environment nice works very hotel service Cádiz who can be was how and ( efficient good and . in the everything ) a that
class . The the are facilities is and first efficient attentive staff and
place Quiet
employees room of . dining the close ( , , their the reception room Both ) treatment facilities and
, . all with situation staff for next Trafalgar you , and unbeatable Square to the provide ask The questions , you they very attentive is
was that well The room very considering offer on it
very bathrooms , renovated are good The .
Very in parking free just good . , access front
accommodation quiet , situation village quite , The place the . of Cerdnya the the in
room bathrooms complete very Spacious and
the and Staff nearby hotel of pleasant .
comfort and buffet ) price , service includes , ( that everything for The hospitality the ... right , .
have repeat . very will situation we living daughter The because our we close surely
. friendly staff and attentive Very
hotel and the excellent it location tidy The and is . clean is of
. recommended Totally
No negative comment .
of walk Emma professional , the supermarkets downtown and I . ... attention Miss to always ​​as : kind Close . The everything restaurants , , ,
noise any did not We hear .
can the . has obviously , the it sea think grown one perfect I ago on , repeating is correct very , . everywhere is ... I Vilanova . , Gatell to Rambla lot complaint . studied , . , you Hostal staff helpful years the , . the , 40 very a , is like station the walk there very , ... beach next close , central it , , I . no but Can
without gluten needs . my adapted to breakfast Continental ( )
, and The variety is quality there correct . is good food the quite is
to liked . , we eat Because able everything being
not , green good asked truth is the green complain and behind and in can ! I and , that I front for views
from . is 'bustle apart set the The hotel '
treatment personal Excellent .
, , everything clean , Comfortable modern . works
friendliness the and sympathy of . best staff The
for the The and liked everything value I situation money
good apartment rent return . silent , almost , , with to doubt central fact In of everything without ( will , comfortable and any . the . contact We Very girl nice relationship the very
two the from situation is . from town fantastic three , minutes hall Cau and Ferrat walk The
features ... install jacuzzi Have soon new pool , the , as as them leave . to , the
sucar the good of only sausages ones and . the were tonaquet The
probably . we super detail , small the provided did the not negative seemed suite areas but common a a , spa everything very junior , has ... , the about been me beginning end of wonder of an main , a , to We stay they availability building those too pisicin , , nothing nice suite the hotel they it outdoor , us in comments had with perfect and understand breakfast and deal a this in the the , reserved was unforgettable .
to shopping of . tranquility road round the , the I the beach liked , go the proximity , supermarkets
city old the minutes from Everything 10 . , well located
and very Everything comfortable comfortable .
The very . and large comfortable bed
free We a for given were spectacular room superior
) Easy park near although parking . to ( they relatively free have
green , situation The by surrounded and landscapes it . areas is because
quite complimentary is The buffet breakfast .
Kindness Reception to . the
go If it have , I to Girona repeat to
, the friendly close Very beach staff . cleanliness lots very of the and was to
like is , a which I . aparthotel This
is tram front . in of you The stop
, the seituation hotels have and very ! visited the of ! we the cleaning best , fantastic , breakfast ! and varied the ... complete The of is
situation a for to hotel from that breathed center is next coves The great away little the the . charming tranquility the is and of
staff Friendly
is everything well equipped well works very kitchen . The and
breakfast also room perfect ! very The modern is , nice and staff is , is ! and the everything the restored of attention quite ! good the
and large hours breakfast . complete Very
location Central .
. room And the spaciousness cleanliness of The the
in Pals that the the middle hotel very of case The neighboring to towns location . but roads the urban of the and connect of with nature close
and treatment location personal About .
Personal The - sound - rooms insulation treatment the of
apartment ... the jacutzi garden very have complex a tb a was and ... pool really correct x It part , and l congratulations
same modern and very Rooms time practical the with . decoration at a
liked . the in a room We having terrace
day Gran entrance the have spa Casino a the Costa And you booking Brava By gives hotel to free
of workers kindness The its .
is . renovated It recently hotel its has noted rooms that the
middle , of fantastic the that , is and in and in the a castle the peace location tranquility background breathed with Torroella fields The mountain . the
the for and pillows , super large comfortable room well the very . the is , The spacious very very elegant and furniture bed cared
is quiet centric Although . so being
... recommend tranquility etc ... dls . I Friendly situation and receptionists
, the has ) The worried , your hotel garden . silence staff always framework and forest and , calmness the of attentive of and very ( etc THE needs about monastery design that
spacious especially staff . spaces the the The of and hotel
and bright Comfortable room .
central L. . is apartment
attention Very and . attention friendly good
recommendable Nothing
! the by hotel . sea The of the situation
rooms good . hotel Modern spacious connections and with
at And price Own parking . good full breakfast
. beautiful very lot kms beaches have a of You few in
in room And space Convenience the
work conditioned . Air Wi-Fi and fine
Elda at that , is feel and kind you the home very is ! truth close
staff the , the And the decoration stayed small , bed the details , the the the hotel have ... suite . views where silence attention comfort the I of the The relax room , the by : received , from
rooms Good
was Everything . right
hotel . is new a modern pleasant It and ,
it to amplitude of parking because . problems the ride The allows without bicycles lot you
in been For better I conditions price same the . other lodgings in have
to is who minutes to they spend to FGC those have AP7 ) are 30 for the on Near . accommodation not ( it on Barcelona And or ideal their the train go want is in go , . money do
to days any I exceptional on the is a , , situation worrying ideal of bad without spend not experience holidays few about The the beach . have had hotel
. Very rooms spacious and comfortable
with good . with is all The apartment very views suite large the comforts and
hotel the The . very attentive staff at nice is and
. been has Everything correct
complete , . very Beds comfortable bathroom correct
We again will safe be
Centralized right air-conditioning Treat
price quality . Good
be . Accessories
. still I rest But could
for repeat , place quiet will good breakfast , buffet to Puigcerdà . we Very if very we return clean and
breakfast It , a is and hotel very correct good is quality of complete the .
hygiene of Lots
hotel and family . Very cozy
Clean and staff . friendly
resolved problem they Immediately . the
The situation hotel staff The of friendliness the
breakfast Good
area The location in to hotel of relation . the and is entertainment good beaches
a on close quiet - comfortable the beach the The cleaning The , large the maker environment The large comfort , coffee - very large very many , : situation in , closet , and : channels TV to bathroom - bed room
the . away from center quiet Very area ,
to we will If we Paris return . return
and spacious with well all is , very the . clean comfortable and The apartment needs
Very staff attention and very good facilities very well and from
. Parking included
. Perhaps double on pleasant floors are the rooms more upper
minutes be seems that it about it , somewhat priori to to close the river but ( 30 the ) walk to leads , is quarter walk apart A pleasant calm old very going
areas , 5 park . the car minutes are , away parking The
staff . of and , of hotel friendliness the the Cleanliness location
the you The . very the quality good are opened staff good . of chocolates some told from night variety perfect the At they and He very . food bed over the , and left I pillow beds
the you different the letting leaving room enjoy hotel for , service us location Very thank of after pool , , very . with good spaces the good
afternoon offer take , to well . that goes snack rest they and free the In strength
modern Very rooms a with spacious kitchen clean , small and all . very
food . Homemade and good very
. , public personnel the attention of quality and the near the , cleaning the situation the breakfast transport The
... from many to The close Pals noise very pleasant places visit . the far Peratallada is place , and to Relaxed atmosphere Begur
and Breakfast and front area in eat pool the where varied located of full , , we , . the
Ideal disconnect to
. and , Very pension clean a located pleasant well very
of needed reception help the The staff availability everything in . we to us
decoration Good
. attentive and him very who lady The good serves pleasant and very breakfast the
situation . Good , comfort friendly service and
, . has atmosphere thus rooms relax Ideal it family , to 7
very isolated ( and ) parquet from outside Well . comfortable
and center to the location is Its to very , the historic beach good next , next right
, conditioned to summer cava a warmth Hostal that we Barris excellent that the I air the to rooms this and been had the for , He for of small we the appreciate bottle with keep have value bought which had . used money his and location of to good I On refrigerator of already occasion comment ;
for a . good It break 's short
quite correct and the The breakfast facilities
bungalow practical and . beautiful very The is
are that dining shower room the and , the in ipads the bathroom there
OK . All
the the reception advice staff sofas Good Good from of The treatment Tranquility
global excellent The between . good is and note
. personal and treatment The direct
. A detail nice
tranquility Friendly . cleanliness staff , and
the . to comfortable very beach close He was and was
always and of as the hotel The excellent . wellbeing staff the
Begur farmhouse 10 of minutes , the with and by from beaches a or car . village setting
walking a privileged minutes while ) privileged the . short in a hotel ( La The 30 from location the distance of setting Contxa and just tranquility
your free umbrella left to pent-up drink to beach towels they and provided you to you cava to even and , go the ate , terrace they , they even , They with nothing a snacks were without the on very go charging- beach the and , water
view the was it facing with room . and great comfortable The outside was large and a
staff friendly Very and competent .
. well-equipped apartment and Large
the have Comfortable most we complete , found . everywhere overwhelming
recommend couples to . adult I it
an . Impeccably well maintained unbeatable , , in environment clean , quiet
and Rooms bed well-distributed and bed double . with large sofa are
good . facilities it great general is location In a with and hotel good
could enjoy two . only the , apartment finally hours we after But ,
reasonable parking a at price . Private
try room treat is the with luckily The you I help ; clean - excellent . smells they is good staff and to ) everything and
, ) shower . room lighting and as bathroom acceptable The , ( furniture dryer was whole with a
very I the friendly everything decoration very the and everything the , new the . , breakfast service liked , super and and modern lovely close room
the , facilities breakfast ) pool in of surroundings , terraces , heated Treatment hours beds toilet . , room ( bed open the all the the the , ,
to a , a to drink your go else enjoy having and go . to atmosphere good nowhere room Going just with for
windows colors Glass touch of , which give . original an
our it nothing very friendly value we pet so accepts and staff much
Free parking
correct room The .
Correct . quality-price ratio
I would repeat
ideal An rest and . place disconnect to
all . , friendly very staff professional and All in
landscape the , village tranquility owners the of The and the the and charm friendliness of the the and house authenticity ,
and very varied complete Breakfast-Buffet
, board problem our We half celiacs is restaurant we it offers son the a for since , contract . no menu and had
was it , liked I everything phantasy
always is and attentive they the are someone reception very at There
amplitude We . privacy and had
staff attentive and Very . friendly
are maintained pool sports facilities facilities swimming well-equipped and are . well The :
spaces of . Extension
of To low . spaces touch something gardens cleanliness the brightness the Mediterranean of all pressure decoration shower , in and water the in , areas put The the and
their staff of The . make willingness feel home you treatment to at the and
combined . and old new well The construction
, staff monastery the of facilities the , the place and The tranquility to modern proximity . treatment the of the the
and food facilities service efficient rooms pool The cleaning and The friendly The . very of very The fantastic good reception Excellent
has correct for price . Simple the and it
very size with and bed The queen two a , room for . is modern well
best with is it a almost parking find for command in , place motorcycle . a The where the difficult for area is car a an to
celebrate disconnect table , they , comfortable couple and is of maintained a and equipped went , it will , . . . apartment silences short and the and the good very the to anniversary very we perfect been I have ago repeat place pool . the to well with kitchen relax a days
it definitely I recommend days would to ... a return friends this hotel my and would is few it if . for
very comfortable and and very bed everything The . clean large
and staff confidence the , Friendliness . of
when to the Almost in close go . do if leave reservation the very recommended not annex know for a make center to and is the the or is great for annex room good buffet you very , , to is value . an , clean , the , breakfast you hotel the Having everything and be rooms hotel , to the money
It pretty also well . eats
Very silent calm . and
to Hotel , to easy in Good Wi-Fi entrance the at find located the the well parking town room
incredible and The breakfast . quality , variety of
receptionist The helped us .
liked ... everything facilities the we attention , the buffet , location especially breakfast But the etc the , overall . ,
There not much and , quality than . price to acceptable is more say
The relax you invite . very I space is and quiet to
. doubt without return a will We
and . place disconnect rest to Ideal
and attentive Friendly
staff . friendly and very Quiet with
location . near the Good beach
. food Very friendly and service good
Gatwick 50 meters fly direct you If , train you . have to the away
the , location The Excellent is and the breakfast perfect treatment correct
tourists this the alleys of that , . town at the Located separated but from entrance next streets of Cadaques of to the , and to the the charm noise lead
food Good
middle It is the of center the located in historic .
to back If come here I will . again ever stay Saragossa , I
I 've . home it heard at
location Good
change daily . bathroom linen her and Bed
. friendliness of and the staff situation The the
the by car access Cathedral the upper , center terrace the The , to easy overlooking proximity
staff of . Friendliness the
5 original make . free to buffet : small , with a of 8 a to retreat a serves , From included glass wine
to Thanks return will team , all the . we
repeat I would
quality . very good and Amiability price
very . Reception staff and professional friendly
the comfort in . be that to all The above to cituación center potential scroll of city are hotel the the great you gives , of wherever able located want the and
. breakfast Full
's ! repeat Let !
Have parking
very All renovated . clean and
the and and beds The quiet . comfortable are clean rooms are
Air and well conditioning . Wi-Fi work
located The very situation centrally , good is .
atmosphere . , central Cozy
, so . is Even current correct the ratio price-quality
. room very and comfortable Spacious
staff very . friendly and Friendly
and rooms good Renovated condition in .
bath Correct
car to park is that it The and situation easy . the
with The and , conditioning air comfortable system a room good was beautiful .
when Litat . nights return silence and spent Friendly we . 've peace will ... be , , views , 2 safe can , reactions quiet and we service install we only , them
. of Mariscal The 'presence is hotel the nice in '
, of , and price quality excellent good Be in location Treatment Puigcerdà staff
helpful . staff and Friendly
friendly staff . Treat
of Arrabassada beach . location The near the
Breakfast a . to , pool next of and great clean varied abundant and , quality fantastic
of place had gardens and of well-taken . that they tranquility the The care the the
reach kilometers , , allows , , mountainous the 40 and the in you which Catalonia the Especially areas tranquility Northern to of the situation .
. bathroom modern renovated The and was
is The and good buffet menu . of breakfast quality varied
staff helped has a . The lot attention super us friendly of the
Staff The Correct The breakfast room The friendliness comfort covered Free cleanliness parking
Good terrace
it The itself enough is where interesting . for enclave is
and to With asleep . very views fall fulfilled watching
. of and the cleaning I rooms liked the location the
, close whole the area located well location Romanesque Hostel to
Quiet parking place . problems without
hotel , , . Comfortable outside parking the with free clean
