Be careful
lousy . Breakfast was
heat . the of fans , We in we although a had lot two had room
. lifts deficient Very
. Very signal poor wifi
not make spa pay It . does for to this sense
) even airplane bar be If if more is than say more , were more ( more they ... expensive expensive on in which more would much Much consumed expensive a if moderate were or . even an surely consumptions prices to , put
not had They changed
the apart privacy ( very you been if narrow have work is located do in . you ) course the is a the summer from suggestive of that view street it must noise not have any and As not balcony in
the the of menu dinner all and Worst kitchen the of . price
basic very . are Toiletries
much both and is hotel . service very the restaurant improved pool , The the
utensils Kitchen . were limited very
Doors . bad state very in
. due is the and In in totally , toaster great the capacity inadequate dining its bread to breakfast slowness , low room
scale complies ! it that building The any with of doubt I the regulations
Fluffy
the left the much expensive and desired and of . cafes prices very The products , be the to was bars quality of and
! The price buffet , of breakfast breakfast excessive is
to One is and steal other * you that thing is . a the hotel 5 want it
not days 11 leave at , when you is have just unacceptable You me until two to lost almost and ... to It . it do for leaving 18
the morning on . was woke bumps up the lot cleaning she woman with the and a of walls For noise
: kitchen valued . The least the
mattress . execivamen was dur The
with buffet very little assortment Morning .
in impossible pool hotel is quiet It the to . be
. taste I for very If my in this but , is Aiguesis - the are reception would pillows personal inconveniences it to have . days communicated stayed mooolt I few a the And
not outside do The . noise from windows isolate anything
changed bread quickly found we only they enter it night since , we price do the that breakfast to moldy scarce we city very The to we were not did ( and have told the going The waiter ) and is
One that a . that to is not the hotel is they steal have luxury for thing but
price Abusive
6 the , 15 a bar prices € € beer were burger exorbitant The , . of a
comfortable not The bed is very
the The wifi in room is . unfortunate
are isolated . Rooms ZERO
thundered Very
door One because read , was the did security not guards in one our the , seriously license mornings in of disrespectful was the the the car plate in reader . which
is for price it facilities service offers The the excessive . and
refrigerator very deteriorated . small is The and
for 20 price is pet ( they The charge carlino ) ! €
The room is . very small
The normal excessive is price
smell . romatic made was a carpet unpleasant disinfectant of very and The
not The comfortable beds are very .
regard bad Very . in this
The arrival worst time of departure apartment the . and the is
very in both fair of . width Parking in and number places
The old-fashioned . very facilities are
This . the sleep the cold finding room led of to to going when
hotel The in number are pool . rooms small of to very due the and the jacuzzi
disagreeable The very . hotel the of director
. fatal goes Wifi
must is The the the enter side . small bed is touching you in the the a through small bed there of , room because very feet wall double
Very unpleasant
more Benet total the on Olot-Vic of route Terrassa of can ( of from find the Sant Manresa signaling indicated the lack to directional Coming there a easily it the change monastery is at or and the on way point road you indicating !
expensive Very public . parking lots
very is . room small The
a to of went people the made was they there to they the of room who , party nights lot noise and . came of Only young in one room a group the next the when
