place treatment an for . exceptional Exceptional
and too was location The its offer sensational
spaces well so Even . the used very are
nice Reception very . person in
very nice Treat
attention . good from staff the Very
situation is great . . The
. very clean are apartments and new very The
time lot a with of , I running spent . and I other , two Personally spent running days runners
a wonder . Joel restaurant is 's
bathroom spacious . room and very The
Everything very the bed clean was very and . was comfortable
, Pals to visit as Brava the beaches Costa Pals the situation , of . as de Poble and good Begur well Very the
attentive staff Very
! recommend ! I ! it
of category . the for the Very facilities hotel good
! bed ! What a !
been have children time The ! ! having great a
, in both room the . the Impeccable and hotel cleaning throughout
very . The situation centric ,
very . is large pool area The
and Very facilities hotel . situation magnificent good ? amenities
great situation is . best the The fact it car has park and a that , the
varied of There very products a is . selection
the decorated of tastefully , and home An unbeatable . environment fantasy
area Pool . very good
environment facilities As regards pleasant very . a the the pool is ,
everything general been In . fine has
Recomended % 100_
The owners staff with deal the and is unbeatable the .
Lunch at , very the . meals good restaurant
Excellent . Stay
in apartment quiet have the We very been .
buffet Staff breakfast all areas very . common correct and ,
The very staff super facilities attentive and the new are
. : the nice staff cleaning very The the , , situation
we it accommodation the weekend quality hotel best usually a this is at have which We spent at of . , stayed one
the of It , to of , . inside houses the white good in location village the next very a Cadaqués typical has one church
. mooolt slow Elevator
Very internet good
They and complained spacious that beds to and were assigned . had new was us very room 3 a they
. central Very
new , fully very . , equipped very and all special Nothing apartments clean
responded at reception to and problem night very solved the was quickly The , us at . person friendly who
Hotel is . very central The
Gardens care of very areas . well-taken common and
good . So everything is very ,
! the ! loved ! We attention of the owners
, reception and , The stayed one to the example the nice those , two was of other He case , in , was which were , room and girl this we of for better fresh from the products continue is had , we Q , . tomatoes tasty , young days lot because the to a a not very day noise sleep always ... recycle even where there very
. Fantastic pool views
well a breakfast . Sitges the Very deluxe located and in center of
We everything . liked
woo Immediately go they the problem alone
sports - Hotel attitude perfect place and with for people doing an young . of
very The facilities , well
Very comfortable
with value very menu good well room the the of for a money dining Very
everything clean Very
it ! I will recommend
or little The prepare perfect to dinner kitchen breakfast .
money value for Very good
. was very I focused
apartment spectacular very with . views Premium spacious and
the , . attention of Very restaurant the all good staff waiters and of the
very ratio satisfactory The . is for money value
The the is breakfast . , very very complete spa lush
attentive and I . go is facilities , are very Whenever clean the also very the staff there
. buffet breakfast Perfect
The spacious very is room .
money for Value .
we contact the of at . Upon needed and if telephone times very was had adequate the arrival staff all reception
very centered is That
Very environment . careful
Very good location
The the situation , spectacular of Hotel .
All excellent
location is the immillorable
very . well Pool good maintained , very breakfast
pub terrace , hotel . spectacular swimming of night The the restaurant are at the pool glad views , with and
Definitely ! satisfied ! ! very
very Decording tight .
20m the and location del Basilica Pilar C-Coso . 3min Very good from walk , from
very . the But is much hotel this
. 10 A stay
. very shower The nice
pool Excellent friendly . staff very and
The perfect deal !
has hotel . The very the a location and is staff nice perfect
Fantastic
The . breakfast phenomenal
The the . perfect breakfast and situation too
Breakfast a . of part comfort in and of on . the lot general kindness the staff
very . The , great the comfortable bed room
Very ! kind
The bed . comfortable very
located decorated new and , . well , very well Very comfortable apartments
perfect . The situation is
area lounge Very relaxing .
Excellent well staff and , facilities very . location
. Very correct the reforms
when traveling . Very devices with electronic fundamental practical is many
friendly staff Very
staff attentive Very
pool and switched beach is not great the , highly one wind day is it The . if on is long days recommended
is to while pool stay very for The a nice .
sure Repeat ! !
very area Also and . comfortable the very original is pool
very service good Overall .
We us serve ! Catalan in much that they very value it
service and Wi-Fi Unbelievable breakfast excellent buffet in rooms
best The . breakfast is
to from Restaurant the precious The views the terrace
. the the We liked really attentions staff treatment from and received the
staff the of attention , the location visit ideal and to the city comfort the ! The
Noise nonexistent .
very A good
The execepcional is situation
hotel a perfect Definitely .
Very comfortable
room are are in dining views , of surroundings spectacular the The the incredible lake . the
day we love trips do always but We . Cadaqués
one % only we can 100 not quite , I much , night , perfect . recommendable spent say
TO VERY EASY FIND
excellent is The relationship ! quality-location-price
recommendable Completely
friendly and information staff the about . city Very
is friendly very . staff The
. breakfast Excellent
double a . room suite gave us a They , spectacular of instead
! breakfast Excellent
location Unbeatable
are its . facilities I most What liked
and the is . too The highly recommended city hotel
room necessary more than . is with The full
breakfast was buffet excellent The
and well very You can . priced lunch a stay have at menu
situation is . privileged the
2 minutes The ( opposite from impossible the best Maritim walk . center Paseo ) is location the and
of without could car suffering the us us vehicle the we . let They happy after the as parking in very the made and the until morning have the that weather day advantage take in
is the room The is spectacular fantastic and breakfast .
is close very . The station train
and from , . of views the terrace The the the , is location hotel perfect impressive
very Breakfast . varied
restaurant fine The . is
. the staff friendly All very
The at lot made switch to night refrigerator of a noise off had and .
very comfortable We been have
lake the exellent location The is facing
nice and very very complete Breakfast .
the very good very . , is careful Everything deal
. Very central hotel
the . , . the bar We restaurant playgrounds great the the takeaway , have The the , , tasted supermarket pool not ...
from the in sea front , great view . the The Sitges church the is of and terrace
of reception far the the staff by the go . mark apartment correct the and more Both at than
Very quiet
connected Very and central well .
, nice is very apartment excellent the views and . are The
, the Very well . care treatment taken fantastic of
and Bilbao . of Very for situation in in surroundings the center walking the good
! place precious The
Situation staff the . ! of in-improvable . , hotel
Very and spacious clean .
staff very The . nice
perfect The carried the well children activities out as for are that as , are traveling facilities with .
say very right well Everything . that would very
of London The hotel location perfect . the exploring for is
of . The all staff the beautiful attention
in offer that . is mind and star 3 Keep the it services a good very they are
Everything very clean !
arrival upon the treats excellent and The in . received reservation
liked . very much I everything
good in installation cleaning . , , Functions . All services general ... : , very Staff
. beautiful place is The itself
efficient service The very .
very central . comfortable Very and
nice and . fine pools garden the very is breakfast The
midday and , pool excellent buffet the Ah the at
The . bed was very comfortable
, is breakfast The very superior very the double is welcoming room complete
low in compared area the . those to price extremely is The
again safe We ! be will
in whole we for did wedding get a discovery came offered early ! o'clock morning to As ! not the we were products and brunch want at out from ... ! 12 with organic a a we breakfast
is The . house nice very
excellent and . animation The staff the
He well eats very
The the . treatment very correct very , facilities well
is . a comfortable hotel very attractive design with , The very
expert is location the for hotel of level room one perfect . the The We the on the found
Magnificent pools .
too very surroundings The and . its is farmhouse congenial
effectively all they information helped something very have At I times me if or needed , .
money also a of It to . me got lot
situation Very good
but it ... I had realized agree I it and clean , . avoid to surprise All was not , noise a very
. the to the Location attention the staff station and tv size And the very service Lyon comfort the And , close train ones little of the bed Gare details of And du the , to the
! Perfect area pool
the not kindness to I 'm drives beach a in train could . remember sorry , sympathy I guy the 10 who and the
staff and good the very The . treatment of correct very breakfast the
very the bathroom well
. very Metro close
years in We splendid gone row and the they . have been improvements two have have a made
Very . service good
surroundings the The hotel and staff execellent . of of the is tranquility the attention
excellent . The is location
super ! comfy The bed
agust We . very were
very well-kept hotel It is . a
the We . that delighted the going of are and the are year are hotel accommodation we third with rooms we
It the in ! 's middle
one good the I is hotel , the ! The very paid perfect for k and
Very room bathroom . large and
been perfect has Everything .
very . the transfer The service of hotel is good
very fair breakfast
, are at , are will bar The mention ( a impoluto needs beach anticipating special attentive I , staff ) facilities restaurant sanitary the , and swimming the make pool always of , very areas client Llorenç the the to .
complete breakfast A very .
is The nice farm and is very the maintained very . environment well
ratio quality-price . Excellent
and The the landscape the . best setting is
. nice very Overall
The equipped kitchen fully is .
. situation is The unbeatable
location Very . good
cozy Very
. situation close The very to the Gugguenheim
been very have happy . The children
good staff . relationship with Very reception
Perfect location
a science children along great museums the which It and very , . subway , to makes option close natural with , is
charming in the nice and beautiful place in a stay had Empordà We a really lower .
views Fantastic
in Very . general calm
and pillows . comfortable The very beds
complete a breakfast very very bed a , and in clean very space everything The , pleasant , place comfortable . very
staff Very nice
be Next time in because we return will . when will reserve time staying to safe we we London
care good Very
well To very grind
We repeat will !
coffee has nice The . been to us for very kettle
better . could we expect than Much
The . unbeatable of hotel is the location
's very terrace for and being resting room is The . good fresh reading
Perfect rest to !
. very renovated Everything well
. , you makes details very comfortable taste feel in cleanliness the and The distribution
good . Very view general
Cadaqués It never in will I ! a has stay forget been that
Very very . and cozy professional
and very views nice . from The room pool too the the
fabulous . A stay
! reception much with explanations and you staff . so their thank the directions
much reception . , the on more Susana attentive very been La has stay made welcoming , has and
is . The situation magnificent
Quality price perfect
comfortable The rooms very are
